  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 15
HOW TO OUTWIT THE SIX GHOSTS OF FEAR
Take Inventory of Yourself, As You
Read This Closing Chapter, and Find
Out How Many of the "Ghosts" Are
Standing in Your Way
BEFORE you can put any portion of this philosophy into successful use,  
your mind must be prepared to receive it. The preparation is not difficult. It  
begins with study, analysis, and understanding of three enemies which you shall  
have to clear out. These are INDECISION, DOUBT, and FEAR! 
The Sixth Sense will never function while these three negatives, or any of  
them remain in your mind. The members of this unholy trio are closely related;  
where one is found, the other two are close at hand. 
INDECISION is the seedling of FEAR! Remember this, as you read.  
Indecision crystalizes into DOUBT, the two blend and become FEAR! The  
"blending" process often is slow. This is one reason why these three enemies are  
so dangerous. They germinate and grow without their presence being observed.
The remainder of this chapter describes an end which must be attained  
before the philosophy, as a whole, can be put into practical use. It also analyzes a  
condition which has, but lately, reduced huge numbers of people to poverty, and  
it states a truth which must be understood by all who accumulate riches, whether  
measured in terms of money or a state of mind of far greater value than money.  
The purpose of this chapter is to turn the spotlight of attention upon the cause  
and the cure of the six basic fears. Before we can master an enemy, we must  
know its name, its habits, and its place of abode. As you read, analyze yourself  
carefully, and determine which, if any, of the six common fears have attached  
themselves to you. 
Do not be deceived by the habits of these subtle enemies. Sometimes they  
remain hidden in the subconscious mind, where they are difficult to locate, and  
still more difficult to eliminate. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   218