  THINK & GROW RICH   
answering in writing the twenty-eight self-analysis questions. That might be both  
interesting and profitable, even though you do not doubt the soundness of the  
statement. 
WHERE AND HOW ONE MAY FIND OPPORTUNITIES  
TO ACCUMULATE RICHES
Now that we have analyzed the principles by which riches may be  
accumulated, we naturally ask, "where may one find favorable opportunities to  
apply these principles?" Very well, let us take inventory and see what the United  
States of America offer the person seeking riches, great or small. 
To begin with, let us remember, all of us, that we live in a country where  
every law-abiding citizen enjoys freedom of thought and freedom of deed unequaled  
anywhere in the world.  Most of us have never taken inventory of the advantages of  
this freedom. We have never compared our unlimited freedom with the curtailed  
freedom in other countries. 
Here we have freedom of thought, freedom in the choice and enjoyment of  
education, freedom in religion, freedom in politics, freedom in the choice of a  
business, profession or occupation, freedom to accumulate and own without  
molestation, ALL 
THE PROPERTY WE CAN ACCUMULATE , freedom to choose our place  
of residence, freedom in marriage, freedom through equal opportunity to all  
races, freedom of travel from one state to another, freedom in our choice of foods,  
and freedom 
to AIM FOR ANY STATION IN LIFE FOR WHICH WE HAVE PREPARED  
OURSELVES, even for the presidency of the United States. 
We have other forms of freedom, but this list will give a bird's eye view of  
the most important, which constitute OPPORTUNITY of the highest order. This  
advantage of freedom is all the more conspicuous because the United States is  
the only country guaranteeing to every citizen, whether native born or  
naturalized, so broad and varied a list of freedom. 
Next, let us recount some of the blessings which our widespread freedom  
has placed within our hands. Take the average American family for example  
(meaning, the family of average income) and sum up the benefits available to  
every member of the family, in this land of OPPORTUNITY and plenty! 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   129