  THINK & GROW RICH   
God seems to throw Himself on the side of the man who knows exactly  
what he wants, if he is determined to get JUST THAT! 
Moreover, the principle through which Dr. Gunsaulus got his million  
dollars is still alive! It is available to you! This universal law is as workable today  
as it was when the young preacher made use of it so successfully. This book  
describes, step by step, the thirteen elements of this great law, and suggests how  
they may be put to use.
Observe that Asa Candler and Dr. Frank Gunsaulus had one characteristic  
in common. Both knew the astounding truth that IDEAS CAN BE  
TRANSMUTED INTO CASH THROUGH THE POWER OF DEFINITE  
PURPOSE, PLUS DEFINITE PLANS. 
If you are one of those who believe that hard work and honesty, alone,  
will bring riches, perish the thought! It is not true! Riches, when they come in  
huge quantities, are never the result of HARD work! Riches come, if they come at  
all, in response to definite demands, based upon the application of definite  
principles, and not by chance or luck. Generally speaking, an idea is an impulse  
of thought that impels action, by an appeal to the imagination. All master  
salesmen know that ideas can be sold where merchandise cannot. Ordinary  
salesmen do not know this—that is why they are "ordinary."
A publisher of books, which sell for a nickel, made a discovery that should  
be worth much to publishers generally. He learned that many people buy titles,  
and not contents of books. By merely changing the name of one book that was  
not moving, his sales on that book jumped upward more than a million copies.  
The inside of the book was not changed in any way. He merely ripped off the  
cover bearing the title that did not sell, and put on a new cover with a title that  
had "box-office" value.
That, as simple as it may seem, was an IDEA! It was IMAGINATION. 
There is no standard price on ideas. The creator of ideas makes his own  
price, and, if he is smart, gets it.
The moving picture industry created a whole flock of millionaires. Most of  
them were men who couldn't create ideas— BUT— they had the imagination to  
recognize ideas when they saw them. 
The next flock of millionaires will grow out of the radio business, which is  
new and not overburdened with men of keen imagination. The money will be  
made by those who discover or create new and more meritorious radio  
programmes and have the imagination to recognize merit, and to give the radio  
listeners a chance to profit by it.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   95