  THINK & GROW RICH   
Robert Burns was an illiterate country lad, he was cursed by poverty, and  
grew up to be a drunkard in the bargain. The world was made better for his  
having lived, because he clothed beautiful thoughts in poetry, and thereby  
plucked a thorn and planted a rose in its place.
Booker T. Washington was born in slavery, handicapped by race and  
color. Because he was tolerant, had an open mind at all times, on all subjects, and  
was a DREAMER, he left his impress for good on an entire race.
Beethoven was deaf, Milton was blind, but their names will last as long as  
time endures, because they dreamed and translated their dreams into organized  
thought. 
Before passing to the next chapter, kindle anew in your mind the fire of  
hope, faith, courage, and tolerance. If you have these states of mind, and a  
working knowledge of the principles described, all else that you need will come  
to you, when you are READY for it. Let Emerson state the thought in these  
words, "Every proverb, every book, every byword that belongs to thee for aid  
and comfort shall surely come home through open or winding passages. Every  
friend whom not thy fantastic will, but the great and tender soul in thee craveth,  
shall lock thee in his embrace." 
There is a difference between WISHING for a thing and being READY to  
receive it. No one is ready for a thing, until he believes he can acquire it. The state  
of mind must be BELIEF, not mere hope or wish. Open-mindedness is essential  
for belief. Closed minds do not inspire faith, courage, and belief. 
Remember, no more effort is required to aim high in life, to demand  
abundance and prosperity, than is required to accept misery and poverty. A  
great poet has correctly stated this universal truth through these lines: 
"I bargained with Life for a penny, 
And Life would pay no more, 
However I begged at evening 
When I counted my scanty store. .
.
"For Life is a.just employer,
He gives you what you ask, 
But once you have set the wages, 
Why, you must bear the task. 
.
"I worked for a menial's hire, 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   37