  THINK & GROW RICH   
alone, is the medium through which prayer may be transmitted to the source  
capable of answering prayer. 
The possibilities of creative effort connected with the subconscious mind  
are stupendous and imponderable. They inspire one with awe.
I never approach the discussion of the subconscious mind without a  
feeling of littleness and inferiority due, perhaps, to the fact that man's entire  
stock of knowledge on this subject is so pitifully limited. The very fact that the  
subconscious mind is the medium of communication between the thinking mind  
of man and Infinite Intelligence is, of itself, a thought which almost paralyzes  
one's reason.
After you have accepted, as a reality, the existence of the subconscious  
mind, and understand its possibilities, as a medium for transmuting your  
DESIRES into their physical or monetary equivalent, you will comprehend the  
full significance of the instructions given in the chapter on DESIRE. You will also  
understand why you have been repeatedly admonished to MAKE YOUR  
DESIRES CLEAR, AND TO REDUCE THEM TO WRITING. You will also  
understand the necessity of PERSISTENCE in carrying out instructions. 
The thirteen principles are the stimuli with which you acquire the ability  
to reach, and to influence your subconscious mind. Do not become discouraged,  
if you cannot do this upon the first attempt. Remember that the subconscious  
mind may be voluntarily directed only through habit , under the directions given in  
the chapter on FAITH. You have not yet had time to master faith. Be patient. Be  
persistent. 
A good many statements in the chapters on faith and auto-suggestion will  
be repeated here, for the benefit of YOUR subconscious mind. Remember, your  
subconscious mind functions voluntarily, whether you make any effort to influence it  
or not. This, naturally, suggests to you that thoughts of fear and poverty, and all  
negative thoughts serve as stimuli to your subconscious mind, unless, you master 
these impulses and give it more desirable food upon which it may feed.
The subconscious mind will not remain idle! If you fail to plant DESIRES  
in your subconscious mind, it will feed upon the thoughts which reach it as the  
result of your neglect . We have already explained that thought impulses, both  
negative and positive are reaching the subconscious mind continuously, from the  
four sources which were mentioned in the chapter on Sex Transmutation. 
For the present, it is sufficient if you remember that you are living daily, in 
the midst of all manner of thought impulses which are reaching your  
subconscious mind, without your knowledge. Some of these impulses are  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   195