  THINK & GROW RICH   
exact stock of knowledge, or your LACK of it! Genuine wisdom is usually  
conspicuous through modesty and silence .
Keep in mind the fact that every person with whom you associate is, like  
yourself, seeking the opportunity to accumulate money. If you talk about your  
plans too freely, you may be surprised when you learn that some other person  
has beaten you to your goal by PUTTING INTO ACTION AHEAD OF YOU, the  
plans of which you talked unwisely.
Let one of your first decisions be to KEEP A CLOSED MOUTH AND  
OPEN EARS AND EYES. 
As a reminder to yourself to follow this advice, it will be helpful if you  
copy the following epigram in large letters and place it where you will see it  
daily. 
"TELL THE WORLD WHAT YOU INTEND TO DO, BUT FIRST SHOW  
IT." 
This is the equivalent of saying that "deeds, and not words, are what count  
most." 
FREEDOM OR DEATH ON A DECISION
The value of decisions depends upon the courage required to render them.  
The great decisions, which served as the foundation of civilization, were reached  
by assuming great risks, which often meant the possibility of death.
Lincoln's decision to issue his famous Proclamation of Emancipation,  
which gave freedom to the colored people of America, was rendered with full  
understanding that his act would turn thousands of friends and political  
supporters against him. He knew, too, that the carrying out of that proclamation  
would mean death to thousands of men on the battlefield. In the end, it cost  
Lincoln his life. That required courage. 
Socrates' decision to drink the cup of poison, rather than compromise in  
his personal belief, was a decision of courage. It turned Time ahead a thousand  
years, and gave to people then unborn, the right to freedom of thought and of  
speech. 
The decision of Gen. Robert E. Lee, when he came to the parting of the  
way with the Union, and took up the cause of the South, was a decision of  
courage, for he well knew that it might cost him his own life, that it would surely  
cost the lives of others. 
But, the greatest decision of all time, as far as any American citizen is  
concerned, was reached in Philadelphia, July 4, 1776, when fifty-six men signed  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   142