  THINK & GROW RICH   
make a place for myself, no matter how many difficulties I had to  
surmount.
"Thousands of young people will finish their schooling this year,  
and within the next few years. Every one of them will be seeking just such  
a message of practical encouragement as the one I received from you. They  
will want to know where to turn, what to do, to get started in life. You  
can tell them, because you have helped to solve the problems of so many,  
many people.
"If there is any possible way that you can afford to render so great  
a service, may I offer the suggestion that you include with every book, one  
of your Personal Analysis Charts, in order that the purchaser of the book  
may have the benefit of a complete self-inventory, indicating, as you  
indicated to me years ago, exactly what is standing in the way of success.
"Such a service as this, providing the readers of your book with a  
complete, unbiased picture of their faults and their virtues, would mean to  
them the difference between success and failure. The service would be  
priceless. 
"Millions of people are now facing the problem of staging a  
comeback, because of the depression, and I speak from personal experience  
when I say, I know these earnest people would welcome the opportunity to  
tell you their problems, and to receive your suggestions for the solution.
"You know the problems of those who face the necessity of  
beginning all over again. There are thousands of people in America today  
who would like to know how they can convert ideas into money, people  
who must start at scratch, without finances, and recoup their losses. If  
anyone can help them, you can. 
"If you publish the book, I would like to own the first copy that  
comes from the press, personally autographed by you. 
"With best wishes, believe me,
"Cordially yours,
"JENNINGS RANDOLPH"  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   28