  THINK & GROW RICH   
ENTHUSIASM, DECISION, PERSISTENCE! These men are known as capitalists.  
They are motivated by the desire to build, construct, achieve, render useful  
service, earn profits and accumulate riches. And, because they RENDER  
SERVICE WITHOUT WHICH THERE WOULD BE NO CIVILIZATION, they put  
themselves in the way of great riches. 
Just to keep the record simple and understandable, I will add that these  
capitalists are the self-same men of whom most of us have heard soap-box  
orators speak. They are the same men to whom radicals, racketeers, dishonest  
politicians and grafting labor leaders refer as "the predatory interests," or "Wall  
Street." 
I am not attempting to present a brief for or against any group of men or  
any system of economics. I am not attempting to condemn collective bargaining  
when I refer to "grafting labor leaders," nor do I aim to give a clean bill of health  
to all individuals known as capitalists.
The purpose of this book— A purpose to which I have faithfully devoted over a  
quarter of a century — is to present to all who want the knowledge, the most  
dependable philosophy through which individuals may accumulate riches in  
whatever amounts they desire. 
I have here analyzed the economic advantages of the capitalistic system  
for the two-fold purpose of showing: 
1. that all who seek riches must recognize and adapt themselves to the  
system that controls all approaches to fortunes, large or small, and 
2. to present the side of the picture opposite to that being shown by  
politicians and demagogues who deliberately becloud the issues they bring up,  
by referring to organized capital as if it were something poisonous.
This is a capitalistic country, it was developed through the use of capital,  
and we who claim the right to partake of the blessings of freedom and  
opportunity, we who seek to accumulate riches here, may as well know that  
neither riches nor opportunity would be available to us if ORGANIZED  
CAPITAL had not provided these benefits.
For more than twenty years it has been a somewhat popular and growing  
pastime for radicals, self-seeking politicians, racketeers, crooked labor leaders,  
and on occasion religious leaders, to take pot-shots at "WALL STREET, THE  
MONEY CHANGERS, and BIG BUSINESS."
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   134