  THINK & GROW RICH   
together like hives of bees, and remain together until they disintegrate, through 
lack of harmony.
These units have differences of opinion, the same as human beings, and  
often fight among themselves. These meetings which you are conducting will be  
very helpful to you. They will bring to your rescue some of the same units of life  
which served the members of your Cabinet, during their lives. These units are  
eternal. THEY NEVER DIE! Your own thoughts and DESIRES serve as the  
magnet which attracts units of life, from the great ocean of life out there. Only the  
friendly units are attracted—the ones which harmonize with the nature of your  
DESIRES." 
The other members of the Cabinet began to enter the room. Edison got up,  
and slowly walked around to his own seat. Edison was still living when this  
happened. It impressed me so greatly that I went to see him, and told him about  
the experience. He smiled broadly, and said, "Your dream was more a reality  
than you may imagine it to have been." He added no further explanation to his  
statement. 
These meetings became so realistic that I became fearful of their  
consequences, and discontinued them for several months. The experiences were  
so uncanny, I was afraid if I continued them I would lose sight of the fact that the  
meetings were purely experiences of my imagination.
Some six months after I had discontinued the practice I was awakened one  
night, or thought I was, when I saw Lincoln standing at my bedside. He said,  
"The world will soon need your services. It is about to undergo a period of chaos  
which will cause men and women to lose faith, and become panic stricken. Go  
ahead with your work and complete your philosophy. That is your mission in  
life. If you neglect it, for any cause whatsoever, you will be reduced to a primal  
state, and be compelled to retrace the cycles through which you have passed  
during thousands of years.
"I was unable to tell, the following morning, whether I had dreamed this,  
or had actually been awake, and I have never since found out which it was, but I  
do know that the dream, if it were a dream, was so vivid in my mind the next  
day that I resumed my meetings the following night.
At our next meeting, the members of my Cabinet all filed into the room  
together, and stood at their accustomed places at the Council Table, while  
Lincoln raised a glass and said, "Gentlemen, let us drink a toast to a friend who  
has returned to the fold."
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   213