  THINK & GROW RICH   
Some people foolishly believe that only MONEY can make money. This is  
not true! DESIRE, transmuted into its monetary equivalent, through the  
principles laid down here, is the agency through which money is "made." Money,  
of itself, is nothing but inert matter. It cannot move, think, or talk, but it can  
"hear" when a man who DESIRES it, calls it to come! 
PLANNING THE SALE OF SERVICES
The remainder of this chapter has been given over to a description of ways  
and means of marketing personal services. The information here conveyed will  
be of practical help to any person having any form of personal services to  
market, but it will be of priceless benefit to those who aspire to leadership in  
their chosen occupations. 
Intelligent planning is essential for success in any undertaking designed to  
accumulate riches. Here will be found detailed instructions to those who must  
begin the accumulation of riches by selling personal services. 
It should be encouraging to know that practically all the great fortunes  
began in the form of compensation for personal services, or from the sale of  
IDEAS. What else, except ideas and personal services, would one not possessed  
of property have to give in return for riches? 
Broadly speaking, there are two types of people in the world. One type is  
known as LEADERS, and the other as FOLLOWERS. Decide at the outset  
whether you intend to become a leader in your chosen calling, or remain a  
follower. The difference in compensation is vast. The follower cannot reasonably  
expect the compensation to which a leader is entitled, although many followers  
make the mistake of expecting such pay. 
It is no disgrace to be a follower. On the other hand, it is no credit to  
remain a follower. Most great leaders began in the capacity of followers. They  
became great leaders because they were INTELLIGENT FOLLOWERS. With few  
exceptions, the man who cannot follow a leader intelligently, cannot become an  
efficient leader. The man who can follow a leader most efficiently, is usually the  
man who develops into leadership most rapidly. An intelligent follower has  
many advantages, among them the OPPORTUNITY TO ACQUIRE  
KNOWLEDGE FROM HIS LEADER.
THE MAJOR ATTRIBUTES OF LEADERSHIP
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   103