  THINK & GROW RICH   
the ability to dramatize the case history so effectively that one's personal services  
can be marketed for much more money than the prevailing wages for similar  
services. She is so confident of her ability that she accepts, as the major portion of  
her fee, a percentage of the increased pay she helps her clients to earn.
It must not be supposed that her plan merely consists of clever  
salesmanship by which she helps men and women to demand and receive more  
money for he same services they formerly sold for less pay. She looks after the  
interests of the purchaser as well as the seller of personal services, and so  
prepares her plans that the employer receives full value for the additional money  
he pays. The method by which she accomplishes this astonishing result is a  
professional secret which she discloses to no one excepting her own clients.
If you have the IMAGINATION, and seek a more profitable outlet for  
your personal services, this suggestion may be the stimulus for which you have  
been searching. The IDEA is capable of yielding an income far greater than that  
of the "average" doctor, lawyer, or engineer whose education required several  
years in college. The idea is saleable to those seeking new positions, in practically  
all positions calling for managerial or executive ability, and those desiring re-
arrangement of incomes in their present positions. 
There is no fixed price for sound IDEAS!
Back of all IDEAS is specialized knowledge. Unfortunately, for those who  
do not find riches in abundance, specialized knowledge is more abundant and  
more easily acquired than IDEAS. Because of this very truth, there is a universal  
demand and an ever-increasing opportunity for the person capable of helping  
men and women to sell their personal services advantageously. Capability means  
IMAGINATION, the one quality needed to combine specialized knowledge with  
IDEAS, in the form of ORGANIZED PLANS designed to yield riches.
If you have IMAGINATION this chapter may present you with an idea  
sufficient to serve as the beginning of the riches you desire. Remember, the IDEA  
is the main thing. Specialized knowledge may be found just around the corner—
any corner!
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   85