  THINK & GROW RICH   
public. Already the bankers have sensed the need of reform, and  
they have begun it. 
Third. Industry calls for new leaders. The old type of leaders  
thought and moved in terms of dividends instead of thinking and  
moving in terms of human equations! The future leader in industry,  
to endure, must regard himself as a quasi-public official whose  
duty it is to manage his trust in such a way that it will work  
hardship on no individual, or group of individuals. Exploitation of  
working men is a thing of the past. Let the man who aspires to  
leadership in the field of business, industry, and labor remember  
this. 
Fourth. The religious leader of the future will be forced to  
give more attention to the temporal needs of his followers, in the  
solution of their economic and personal problems of the present,  
and less attention to the dead past, and the yet unborn future. 
Fifth. In the professions of law, medicine, and education, a  
new brand of leadership, and to some extent, new leaders will  
become a necessity. This is especially true in the field of education.  
The leader in that field must, in the future, find ways and means of  
teaching people HOW TO APPLY the knowledge they receive in  
school. He must deal more with PRACTICE and less with  
THEORY. 
Sixth. New leaders will be required in the field of  
Journalism. Newspapers of the future, to be conducted  
successfully, must be divorced from "special privilege" and relieved  
from the subsidy of advertising. They must cease to be organs of  
propaganda for the interests which patronize their advertising  
columns. The type of newspaper which publishes scandal and lewd  
pictures will eventually go the way of all forces which debauch the  
human mind. 
These are but a few of the fields in which opportunities for new leaders  
and a new brand of leadership are now available. The world is undergoing a  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   109