  THINK & GROW RICH   
Are you easily impressed by other people's business or  
professional titles, college degrees, or wealth? 
Are you easily influenced by what other people think or say  
of you? 
Do you cater to people because of their social or financial  
status?
Whom do you believe to be the greatest person living? In  
what respect is this person superior to yourself?
How much time have you devoted to studying and  
answering these questions? (At least one day is necessary for the  
analysis and the answering of the entire list.) 
If you have answered all these questions truthfully, you know more about  
yourself than the majority of people. Study the questions carefully, come back to  
them once each week for several months, and be astounded at the amount of  
additional knowledge of great value to yourself, you will have gained by the  
simple method of answering the questions truthfully. If you are not certain  
concerning the answers to some of the questions, seek the counsel of those who  
know you well, especially those who have no motive in flattering you, and see  
yourself through their eyes. The experience will be astonishing.
You have ABSOLUTE CONTROL over but one thing, and that is your  
thoughts. This is the most significant and inspiring of all facts known to man! It  
reflects man's Divine nature. This Divine prerogative is the sole means by which  
you may control your own destiny. If you fail to control your own mind, you  
may be sure you will control nothing else.
If you must be careless with your possessions, let it be in connection with  
material things. Your mind is your spiritual estate!  Protect and use it with the care  
to which Divine Royalty is entitled. You were given a WILL-POWER for this  
purpose.
Unfortunately, there is no legal protection against those who, either by  
design or ignorance, poison the minds of others by negative suggestion. This  
form of destruction should be punishable by heavy legal penalties, because it  
may and often does destroy one's chances of acquiring material things which are  
protected by law. 
Men with negative minds tried to convince Thomas A. Edison that he  
could not build a machine that would record and reproduce the human voice,  
"because" they said, "no one else had ever produced such a machine." Edison did  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   244