  THINK & GROW RICH   
unusual woman's stupendous success as a singer. I quote the paragraph, because  
the clue it contains is none other than DESIRE. 
Early in her career, Mme. Schuman-Heink visited the director of the  
Vienna Court Opera, to have him test her voice. But, he did not test it. After  
taking one look at the awkward and poorly dressed girl, he exclaimed, none too  
gently, "With such a face, and with no personality at all, how can you ever expect  
to succeed in opera? My good child, give up the idea. Buy a sewing machine, and  
go to work. YOU CAN NEVER BE A SINGER." 
Never is a long time! The director of the Vienna Court Opera knew much  
about the technique of singing. He knew little about the power of desire, when it  
assumes the proportion of an obsession. If he had known more of that power, he  
would not have made the mistake of condemning genius without giving it an  
opportunity. 
Several years ago, one of my business associates became ill. He became  
worse as time went on, and finally was taken to the hospital for an operation.  
Just before he was wheeled into the operating room, I took a look at him, and  
wondered how anyone as thin and emaciated as he, could possibly go through a  
major operation successfully. The doctor warned me that there was little if any  
chance of my ever seeing him alive again. But that was the DOCTOR'S  
OPINION. It was not the opinion of the patient. Just before he was wheeled  
away, he whispered feebly, "Do not be disturbed, Chief, I will be out of here in a  
few days." The attending nurse looked at me with pity. But the patient did come  
through safely. After it was all over, his physician said, "Nothing but his own  
desire to live saved him. He never would have pulled through if he had not  
refused to accept the possibility of death." 
I believe in the power of DESIRE backed by FAITH, because I have seen  
this power lift men from lowly beginnings to places of power and wealth; I have  
seen it rob the grave of its victims; I have seen it serve as the medium by which  
men staged a comeback after having been defeated in a hundred different ways; I  
have seen it provide my own son with a normal, happy, successful life, despite  
Nature's having sent him into the world without ears. 
How can one harness and use the power of DESIRE? This has been  
answered through this, and the subsequent chapters of this book. This message is  
going out to the world at the end of the longest, and perhaps, the most  
devastating depression America has ever known. It is reasonable to presume that  
the message may come to the attention of many who have been wounded by the  
depression, those who have lost their fortunes, others who have lost their  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   45