  THINK & GROW RICH   
described here. You cannot develop the desired ability for a lower price. You,  
and YOU ALONE, must decide whether or not the reward for which you are  
striving (the "money consciousness"), is worth the price you must pay for it in  
effort. 
Wisdom and "cleverness" alone, will not attract and retain money except  
in a few very rare instances, where the law of averages favors the attraction of  
money through these sources. The method of attracting money described here,  
does not depend upon the law of averages. Moreover, the method plays no  
favorites. It will work for one person as effectively as it will for another. Where  
failure is experienced, it is the individual, not the method, which has failed. If you  
try and fail, make another effort, and still another, until you succeed.
Your ability to use the principle of auto-suggestion will depend, very  
largely, upon your capacity to CONCENTRATE upon a given DESIRE until that  
desire becomes a BURNING OBSESSION. 
When you begin to carry out the instructions in connection with the six  
steps described in the second chapter, it will be necessary for you to make use of  
the principle of CONCENTRATION.
Let us here offer suggestions for the effective use of concentration. When  
you begin to carry out the first of the six steps, which instructs you to "fix in your  
own mind the EXACT amount of money you desire," hold your thoughts on that  
amount of money by CONCENTRATION, or fixation of attention, with your  
eyes closed, until you can ACTUALLY SEE the physical appearance of the  
money. Do this at least once each day. As you go through these exercises, follow  
the instructions given in the chapter on FAITH, and see yourself actually IN  
POSSESSION OF THE MONEY! 
Here is a most significant fact— the subconscious mind takes any orders  
given it in a spirit of absolute FAITH, and acts upon those orders, although the  
orders often have to be presented over and over again , through repetition, before  
they are interpreted by the subconscious mind. Following the preceding  
statement, consider the possibility of playing a perfectly legitimate "trick" on  
your subconscious mind, by making it believe, because you believe it , that you 
must have the amount of money you are visualizing, that this money is already  
awaiting your claim, that the subconscious mind MUST hand over to you  
practical plans for acquiring the money which is yours. 
Hand over the thought suggested in the preceding paragraph to your  
IMAGINATION, and see what your imagination can, or will do, to create  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   68