  THINK & GROW RICH   
The author is checking you up at this point, because lack of persistence is  
one of the major causes of failure. Moreover, experience with thousands of  
people has proved that lack of persistence is a weakness common to the majority  
of men. It is a weakness which may be overcome by effort. The ease with which  
lack of persistence may be conquered will depend entirely upon the INTENSITY  
OF ONE'S DESIRE.
The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in  
mind. Weak desires bring weak results, just as a small amount of fire makes a  
small amount of heat. If you find yourself lacking in persistence, this weakness  
may be remedied by building a stronger fire under your desires. 
Continue to read through to the end, then go back to Chapter two, and  
start immediately to carry out the instructions given in connection with the six  
steps. The eagerness with which you follow these instructions will indicate  
clearly, how much, or how little you really DESIRE to accumulate money. If you  
find that you are indifferent, you may be sure that you have not yet acquired the  
"money consciousness" which you must possess, before you can be sure of  
accumulating a fortune. 
Fortunes gravitate to men whose minds have been prepared to "attract"  
them, just as surely as water gravitates to the ocean. In this book may be found  
all the stimuli necessary to "attune" any normal mind to the vibrations which will  
attract the object of one's desires.
If you find you are weak in PERSISTENCE, center your attention upon the  
instructions contained in the chapter on "Power"; surround yourself with a  
"MASTER MIND" group, and through the cooperative efforts of the members of  
this group, you can develop persistence. You will find additional instructions for  
the development of persistence in the chapters on auto-suggestion, and the  
subconscious mind. Follow the instructions outlined in these chapters until your  
habit nature hands over to your subconscious mind, a clear picture of the object  
of your DESIRE. From that point on, you will not be handicapped by lack of  
persistence. 
Your subconscious mind works continuously, while you are awake, and  
while you are asleep. 
Spasmodic, or occasional effort to apply the rules will be of no value to  
you. To get RESULTS, you must apply all of the rules until their application  
becomes a fixed habit with you. In no other way can you develop the necessary  
"money consciousness."
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   152