  THINK & GROW RICH   
OVERTAKEN BY FAILURE, INSTEAD OF BURNING ALL BRIDGES AND  
MAKING RETREAT IMPOSSIBLE. Weakness of, and often total lack of self-
confidence, definiteness of purpose, self-control, initiative, enthusiasm, ambition,  
thrift and sound reasoning ability. EXPECTING POVERTY INSTEAD OF  
DEMANDING RICHES. Association with those who accept poverty instead of  
seeking the company of those who demand and receive riches.
MONEY TALKS!
Some will ask, "why did you write a book about money? Why measure  
riches in dollars, alone?" Some will believe, and rightly so, that there are other  
forms of riches more desirable than money. Yes, there are riches which cannot be  
measured in terms of dollars, but there are millions of people who will say, "Give  
me all the money I need, and I will find everything else I want." 
The major reason why I wrote this book on how to get money is the fact  
that the world has but lately passed through an experience that left millions of  
men and women paralyzed with the FEAR OF POVERTY. What this sort of fear  
does to one was well described by Westbrook Pegler, in the New York World-
Telegram, viz: 
"Money is only clam shells or metal discs or scraps of paper, and there are  
treasures of the heart and soul which money cannot buy, but most people, being  
broke, are unable to keep this in mind and sustain their spirits. When a man is  
down and out and on the street, unable to get any job at all, something happens  
to his spirit which can be observed in the droop of his shoulders, the set of his  
hat, his walk and his gaze. He cannot escape a feeling of inferiority among  
people with regular employment, even though he knows they are definitely not  
his equals in character, intelligence or ability.
"These people—even his friends—feel, on the other hand, a sense of  
superiority and regard him, perhaps unconsciously, as a casualty. He may  
borrow for a time, but not enough to carry on in his accustomed way, and he  
cannot continue to borrow very long. But borrowing in itself, when a man is  
borrowing merely to live, is a depressing experience, and the money lacks the  
power of earned money to revive his spirits. Of course, none of this applies to  
bums or habitual ne'er-do-wells, but only to men of normal ambitions and self-
respect. 
"WOMEN CONCEAL DESPAIR.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   224