  THINK & GROW RICH   
their names to a document, which they well knew would bring freedom to all  
Americans, or leave every one of the fifty-six hanging from a gallows!
You have heard of this famous document, but you may not have drawn  
from it the great lesson in personal achievement it so plainly taught. 
We all remember the date of this momentous decision, but few of us  
realize what courage that decision required. We remember our history, as it was  
taught; we remember dates, and the names of the men who fought; we remember  
Valley Forge, and Yorktown; we remember George Washington, and Lord  
Cornwallis. But we know little of the real forces back of these names, dates, and  
places. We know still less of that intangible POWER, which insured us freedom  
long before Washington's armies reached Yorktown. 
We read the history of the Revolution, and falsely imagine that George  
Washington was the Father of our Country, that it was he who won our freedom,  
while the truth is—Washington was only an accessory after the fact, because  
victory for his armies had been insured long before Lord Cornwallis  
surrendered. This is not intended to rob Washington of any of the glory he so  
richly merited. Its purpose, rather, is to give greater attention to the astounding  
POWER that was the real cause of his victory.
It is nothing short of tragedy that the writers of history have missed,  
entirely, even the slightest reference to the irresistible POWER, which gave birth  
and freedom to the nation destined to set up new standards of independence for  
all the peoples of the earth. I say it is a tragedy, because it is the self-same  
POWER which must be used by every individual who surmounts the difficulties  
of Life, and forces Life to pay the price asked.
Let us briefly review the events which gave birth to this POWER. The  
story begins with an incident in Boston, March 5, 1770. British soldiers were  
patroling the streets, by their presence, openly threatening the citizens. The  
colonists resented armed men marching in their midst. They began to express  
their resentment openly, hurling stones as well as epithets, at the marching  
soldiers, until the commanding officer gave orders, "Fix bayonets. . . . Charge!"
The battle was on. It resulted in the death and injury of many. The  
incident aroused such resentment that the Provincial Assembly, (made up of  
prominent colonists), called a meeting for the purpose of taking definite action.  
Two of the members of that Assembly were, John Hancock, and Samuel Adams
—LONG LIVE THEIR NAMES! They spoke up courageously, and declared that a  
move must be made to eject all British soldiers from Boston.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   143