  THINK & GROW RICH   
Being a philosopher as well as a preacher, Dr. Gunsaulus recognized, as  
do all who succeed in life, that DEFINITENESS OF PURPOSE is the starting  
point from which one must begin. He recognized, too, that definiteness of  
purpose takes on animation, life, and power when backed by a BURNING  
DESIRE to translate that purpose into its material equivalent. 
He knew all these great truths, yet he did not know where, or how to lay  
his hands on a million dollars. The natural procedure would have been to give  
up and quit, by saying, "Ah well, my idea is a good one, but I cannot do anything  
with it, because I never can procure the necessary million dollars." That is exactly  
what the majority of people would have said, but it is not what Dr. Gunsaulus  
said. What he said, and what he did are so important that I now introduce him,  
and let him speak for himself.
"One Saturday afternoon I sat in my room thinking of ways and means of  
raising the money to carry out my plans. For nearly two years, I had been  
thinking, but I had done nothing but think! 
"The time had come for ACTION! 
"I made up my mind, then and there, that I would get the necessary  
million dollars within a week. How? I was not concerned about that. The main  
thing of importance was the decision to get the money within a specified time,  
and I want to tell you that the moment I reached a definite decision to get the  
money within a specified time, a strange feeling of assurance came over me, such  
as I had never before experienced. Something inside me seemed to say, 'Why  
didn't you reach that decision a long time ago? The money was waiting for you  
all the time!'
"Things began to happen in a hurry. I called the newspapers and  
announced I would preach a sermon the following morning, entitled, 'What I  
would do if I had a Million Dollars.'
"I went to work on the sermon immediately, but I must tell you, frankly,  
the task was not difficult, because I had been preparing that sermon for almost  
two years. The spirit back of it was a part of me! 
"Long before midnight I had finished writing the sermon. I went to bed  
and slept with a feeling of confidence, for I could see myself already in.  
possession of the million dollars. 
"Next morning I arose early, went into the bathroom, read the sermon,  
then knelt on my knees and asked that my sermon might come to the attention of  
someone who would supply the needed money.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   93