  THINK & GROW RICH   
When Andrew Carnegie suggested that I devote twenty years to the  
organization of a philosophy of individual achievement my first impulse of  
thought was fear of what people might say. The suggestion set up a goal for me,  
far out of proportion to any I had ever conceived. As quick as a flash, my mind  
began to create alibis and excuses, all of them traceable to the inherent FEAR OF  
CRITICISM. Something inside of me said, "You can't do it— the job is too big,  
and requires too much time— what will your relatives think of you ?— how will  
you earn a living?— no one has ever organized a philosophy of success, what  
right have you to believe you can do it?— who are you, anyway, to aim so high?
— remember your humble birth— what do you know about philosophy—  
people will think you are crazy—( and they did)— why hasn't some other person  
done this before now?" 
These, and many other questions flashed into my mind, and demanded  
attention. It seemed as if the whole world had suddenly turned its attention to  
me with the purpose of ridiculing me into giving up all desire to carry out Mr.  
Carnegie's suggestion.
I had a fine opportunity, then and there, to kill off ambition before it  
gained control of me. Later in life, after having analyzed thousands of people, I  
discovered that MOST IDEAS ARE STILL-BORN, AND NEED THE BREATH OF  
LIFE INJECTED INTO THEM THROUGH DEFINITE PLANS OF IMMEDIATE  
ACTION. The time to nurse an idea is at the time of its birth. Every minute it  
lives, gives it a better chance of surviving. The FEAR OF CRITICISM is at the  
bottom of the destruction of most ideas which never reach the PLANNING and  
ACTION stage.
Many people believe that material success is the result of favorable  
"breaks." There is an element of ground for the belief, but those depending  
entirely upon luck, are nearly always disappointed, because they overlook  
another important factor which must be present before one can be sure of  
success. It is the knowledge with which favorable "breaks" can be made to order.
During the depression, W. C. Fields, the comedian, lost all his money, and  
found himself without income, without a job, and his means of earning a living  
(vaudeville) no longer existed. Moreover, he was past sixty, when many men  
consider themselves "old." He was so eager to stage a comeback that he offered to  
work without pay, in a new field (movies). In addition to his other troubles, he  
fell and injured his neck. To many that would have been the place to give up and  
QUIT. But Fields was PERSISTENT. He knew that if he carried on he would get  
the "breaks" sooner or later, and he did get them, but not by chance. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   159