  THINK & GROW RICH   
All down the ages, the religionists have admonished struggling humanity  
to "have faith" in this, that, and the other dogma or creed, but they have failed to  
tell people HOW to have faith. They have not stated that "faith is a state of mind,  
and that it may be induced by self-suggestion."
In language which any normal human being can understand, we will  
describe all that is known about the principle through which FAITH may be  
developed, where it does not already exist. 
Have Faith in yourself; Faith in the Infinite.
Before we begin, you should be reminded again that:
FAITH is the "eternal elixir" which gives life, power, and action to the  
impulse of thought!
The foregoing sentence is worth reading a second time, and a third, and a  
fourth. It is worth reading aloud! 
FAITH is the starting point of all accumulation of riches! 
FAITH is the basis of all "miracles," and all mysteries which cannot be analyzed  
by the rules of science!
FAITH is the only known antidote for FAILURE! 
FAITH is the element, the "chemical" which, when mixed with prayer,  
gives one direct communication with Infinite Intelligence.
FAITH is the element which transforms the ordinary vibration of thought,  
created by the finite mind of man, into the spiritual equivalent. 
FAITH is the only agency through which the cosmic force of Infinite  
Intelligence can be harnessed and used by man.
EVERY ONE OF THE FOREGOING STATEMENTS IS CAPABLE OF  
PROOF! 
The proof is simple and easily demonstrated. It is wrapped up in the  
principle of auto-suggestion. Let us center our attention, therefore, upon the  
subject of self-suggestion, and find out what it is, and what it is capable of  
achieving.
It is a well known fact that one comes, finally, to BELIEVE whatever one  
repeats to one's self, whether the statement be true or false . If a man repeats a lie over  
and over, he will eventually accept the lie as truth. Moreover, he will BELIEVE it  
to be the truth. 
Every man is what he is, because of the DOMINATING THOUGHTS  
which he permits to occupy his mind. Thoughts which a man deliberately places  
in his own mind, and encourages with sympathy, and with which he mixes any  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   50