  THINK & GROW RICH   
information concerning dependable sources of knowledge. The more important  
of these are:
(a) One's own experience and education 
(b) Experience and education available through cooperation of others  
(Master Mind Alliance) 
(c) Colleges and Universities 
(d) Public Libraries (Through books and periodicals in which may be  
found all the knowledge organized by civilization) 
(e) Special Training Courses (Through night schools and home study  
schools in particular.) 
As knowledge is acquired it must be organized and put into use, for a  
definite purpose, through practical plans. Knowledge has no value except that  
which can be gained from its application toward some worthy end. This is one  
reason why college degrees are not valued more highly. They represent nothing  
but miscellaneous knowledge.
If you contemplate taking additional schooling, first determine the  
purpose for which you want the knowledge you are seeking, then learn where  
this particular sort of knowledge can be obtained, from reliable sources.
Successful men, in all callings, never stop acquiring specialized  
knowledge related to their major purpose, business, or profession. Those who are  
not successful usually make the mistake of believing that the knowledge  
acquiring period ends when one finishes school. The truth is that schooling does  
but little more than to put one in the way of learning how to acquire practical  
knowledge. 
With this Changed World which began at the end of the economic  
collapse, came also astounding changes in educational requirements. The order  
of the day is SPECIALIZATION! This truth was emphasized by Robert P. Moore,  
secretary of appointments of Columbia University.
"SPECIALISTS MOST SOUGHT
"Particularly sought after by employing companies are candidates who  
have specialized in some field— business-school graduates with training in  
accounting and statistics, engineers of all varieties, journalists, architects,  
chemists, and also outstanding leaders and activity men of the senior class.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   76