  THINK & GROW RICH   
stimulated by the emotion of sex, vibrates at a much more rapid rate than it does  
when that emotion is quiescent or absent. 
The result of sex transmutation, is the increase of the rate of vibration of  
thoughts to such a pitch that the Creative Imagination becomes highly receptive  
to ideas, which it picks up from the ether. On the other hand, when the brain is  
vibrating at a rapid rate, it not only attracts thoughts and ideas released by other  
brains through the medium of the ether, but it gives to one's own thoughts that  
"feeling" which is essential before those thoughts will be picked up and acted  
upon by one's subconscious mind.
Thus, you will see that the broadcasting principle is the factor through  
which you mix feeling, or emotion with your thoughts and pass them on to your  
subconscious mind.
The subconscious mind is the "sending station" of the brain, through  
which vibrations of thought are broadcast. The Creative Imagination is the  
"receiving set," through which the vibrations of thought are picked up from the  
ether. 
Along with the important factors of the subconscious mind, and the  
faculty of the Creative Imagination, which constitute the sending and receiving  
sets of your mental broadcasting machinery, consider now the principle of auto-
suggestion, which is the medium by which you may put into operation your  
"broadcasting" station.
Through the instructions described in the chapter on auto-suggestion, you  
were definitely informed of the method by which DESIRE may be transmuted  
into its monetary equivalent.
Operation of your mental "broadcasting" station is a comparatively simple  
procedure. You have but three principles to bear in mind, and to apply, when  
you wish to use your broadcasting station—the SUBCONSCIOUS MIND,  
CREATIVE IMAGINATION, and AUTO-SUGGESTION. The stimuli through  
which you put these three principles into action have been described— the  
procedure begins with DESIRE.
THE GREATEST FORCES ARE "INTANGIBLE"
The depression brought the world to the very border-line of  
understanding of the forces which are intangible and unseen. Through the ages  
which have passed, man has depended too much upon his physical senses, and  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   202