  THINK & GROW RICH   
9. EMPHASIS OF THE "AUTHORITY" OF LEADERSHIP.  
The efficient leader leads by encouraging, and not by trying to instil  
fear in the hearts of his followers. The leader who tries to impress  
his followers with his "authority" comes within the category of  
leadership through FORCE. If a leader is a REAL LEADER, he will  
have no need to advertise that fact except by his conduct— his  
sympathy, understanding, fairness, and a demonstration that he  
knows his job. 
10. EMPHASIS OF TITLE. The competent leader requires no  
"title" to give him the respect of his followers. The man who makes  
too much over his title generally has little else to emphasize. The  
doors to the office of the real leader are open to all who wish to  
enter, and his working quarters are free from formality or  
ostentation. 
These are among the more common of the causes of failure in leadership.  
Any one of these faults is sufficient to induce failure. Study the list carefully if  
you aspire to leadership, and make sure that you are free of these faults. 
SOME FERTILE FIELDS IN WHICH "NEW LEADERSHIP" WILL  
BE REQUIRED
Before leaving this chapter, your attention is called to a few of the fertile  
fields in which there has been a decline of leadership, and in which the new type  
of leader may find an abundance of OPPORTUNITY.
First. In the field of politics there is a most insistent demand  
for new leaders; a demand which indicates nothing less than an  
emergency. The majority of politicians have, seemingly, become  
high-grade, legalized racketeers. They have increased taxes and  
debauched the machinery of industry and business until the people  
can no longer stand the burden. 
Second. The banking business is undergoing a reform. The  
leaders in this field have almost entirely lost the confidence of the  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   108