  THINK & GROW RICH   
which most women consider "old," captured the affections of the most desirable  
bachelor in the entire world.
And what of King Edward? What lesson may we learn from his part in the  
world's greatest drama of recent times? Did he pay too high a price for the  
affections of the woman of his choice?
Surely no one but he can give the correct answer. The rest of us can only  
conjecture. This much we know, the king came into the world without his own  
consent. He was born to great riches, without requesting them. He was  
persistently sought in marriage; politicians and statesmen throughout Europe  
tossed dowagers and princesses at his feet. Because he was the first born of his  
parents, he inherited a crown, which he did not seek, and perhaps did not desire.  
For more than forty years he was not a free agent, could not live his life in his  
own way, had but little privacy, and finally assumed duties inflicted upon him  
when he ascended the throne.
Some will say, "With all these blessings, King Edward should have found  
peace of mind, contentment, and joy of living." 
The truth is that back of all the privileges of a crown, all the money, the  
fame, and the power inherited by King Edward, there was an emptiness which  
could be filled only by love. 
His greatest DESIRE was for love. Long before he met Wallis Simpson, he  
doubtless felt this great universal emotion tugging at the strings of his heart,  
beating upon the door of his soul, and crying out for expression.
And when he met a kindred spirit, crying out for this same Holy privilege  
of expression, he recognized it, and without fear or apology, opened his heart  
and bade it enter. All the scandal-mongers in the world cannot destroy the  
beauty of this international drama, through which two people found love, and  
had the courage to face open criticism, renounce ALL ELSE to give it holy 
expression. 
King Edward's DECISION to give up the crown of the world's most  
powerful empire, for the privilege of going the remainder of the way through life  
with the woman of his choice, was a decision that required courage. The decision  
also had a price, but who has the right to say the price was too great? Surely not  
He who said, "He among you who is without sin, let him cast the first stone." 
As a suggestion to any evil-minded person who chooses to find fault with  
the Duke of Windsor, because his DESIRE was for LOVE, and for openly  
declaring his love for Wallis Simpson, and giving up his throne for her, let it be  
remembered that the OPEN DECLARATION was not essential. He could have  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   162