  THINK & GROW RICH   
know if you are ready, but that would deprive you of much of the benefit you  
will receive when you make the discovery in your own way. 
While this book was being written, my own son, who was then finishing  
the last year of his college work, picked up the manuscript of chapter two, read  
it, and discovered the secret for himself. He used the information so effectively  
that he went directly into a responsible position at a beginning salary greater  
than the average man ever earns. His story has been briefly described in chapter  
two. When you read it, perhaps you will dismiss any feeling you may have had,  
at the beginning of the book, that it promised too much. And, too, if you have  
ever been discouraged, if you have had difficulties to surmount which took the  
very soul out of you, if you have tried and failed, if you were ever handicapped  
by illness or physical affliction, this story of my son's discovery and use of the  
Carnegie formula may prove to be the oasis in the Desert of Lost Hope, for which  
you have been searching. 
This secret was extensively used by President Woodrow Wilson, during  
the World War. It was passed on to every soldier who fought in the war,  
carefully wrapped in the training received before going to the front. President  
Wilson told me it was a strong factor in raising the funds needed for the war.
More than twenty years ago, Hon. Manuel L. Quezon (then Resident  
Commissioner of the Philippine Islands), was inspired by the secret to gain  
freedom for his people. He has gained freedom for the Philippines, and is the  
first President of the free state. 
A peculiar thing about this secret is that those who once acquire it and use  
it, find themselves literally swept on to success, with but little effort, and they  
never again submit to failure! If you doubt this, study the names of those who  
have used it, wherever they have been mentioned, check their records for  
yourself, and be convinced. 
There is no such thing as SOMETHING FOR NOTHING! 
The secret to which I refer cannot be had without a price, although the  
price is far less than its value. It cannot be had at any price by those who are not  
intentionally searching for it. It cannot be given away, it cannot be purchased for  
money, for the reason that it comes in two parts. One part is already in  
possession of those who are ready for it. 
The secret serves equally well, all who are ready for it. Education has  
nothing to do with it. Long before I was born, the secret had found its way into  
the possession of Thomas A. Edison, and he used it so intelligently that he  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   12