  THINK & GROW RICH   
"The figure is so stupendous," said Dr. C. Judson Herrick, of the  
University of Chicago, "that astronomical figures dealing with hundreds of  
millions of light years, become insignificant by comparison.
It has been determined that there are from 10,000,000,000 to 14,000,000,000  
nerve cells in the human cerebral cortex, and we know that these are arranged in  
definite patterns. These arrangements are not haphazard. They are orderly.  
Recently developed methods of electro-physiology draw off action currents from  
very precisely located cells, or fibers with micro-electrodes, amplify them with  
radio tubes, and record potential differences to a millionth of a volt." 
It is inconceivable that such a network of intricate machinery should be in  
existence for the sole purpose of carrying on the physical functions incidental to  
growth and maintenance of the physical body. Is it not likely that the same  
system, which gives billions of brain cells the media for communication one with  
another, provides, also the means of communication with other intangible forces?
After this book had been written, just before the manuscript went to the  
publisher, there appeared in the New York Times, an editorial showing that at  
least one great University, and one intelligent investigator in the field of mental  
phenomena, are carrying on an organized research through which conclusions  
have been reached that parallel many of those described in this and the following  
chapter. The editorial briefly analyzed the work carried on by Dr. Rhine, and his  
associates at Duke University, viz:—"What is 'Telepathy'? 
"A month ago we cited on this page some of the remarkable results  
achieved by Professor Rhine and his associates in Duke University from more  
than a hundred thousand tests to determine the existence of 'telepathy' and  
'clairvoyance.' These results were summarized in the first two articles in Harpers  
Magazine. In the second which has now appeared, the author, E. H. Wright,  
attempts to summarize what has been learned, or what it seems reasonable to  
infer, regarding the exact nature of these 'extrasensory' modes of perception.
"The actual existence of telepathy and clairvoyance now seems to some  
scientists enormously probable as the result of Rhine's experiments. Various  
percipients were asked to name as many cards in a special pack as they could  
without looking at them and without other sensory access to them. About a score  
of men and women were discovered who could regularly name so many of the  
cards correctly that 'there was not one chance in many a million million of their  
having done their feats by luck or accident.'
"But how did they do them? These powers, assuming that they exist, do  
not seem to be sensory. There is no known organ for them. The experiments  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   204