  THINK & GROW RICH   
one or more of the emotions, constitute the motivating forces, which direct and  
control his every movement, act, and deed! 
Comes, now, a very significant statement of truth: 
THOUGHTS WHICH ARE MIXED WITH ANY OF THE FEELINGS OF  
EMOTIONS, CONSTITUTE A "MAGNETIC" FORCE WHICH ATTRACTS,  
FROM THE VIBRATIONS OF THE ETHER, OTHER SIMILAR, OR RELATED  
THOUGHTS. A thought thus "magnetized" with emotion may be compared to a  
seed which, when planted in fertile soil, germinates, grows, and multiplies itself  
over and over again, until that which was originally one small seed, becomes  
countless millions of seeds of the SAME BRAND!
The ether is a great cosmic mass of eternal forces of vibration. It is made  
up of both destructive vibrations and constructive vibrations. It carries, at all  
times, vibrations of fear, poverty, disease, failure, misery; and vibrations of  
prosperity, health, success, and happiness, just as surely as it carries the sound of  
hundreds of orchestrations of music, and hundreds of human voices, all of which  
maintain their own individuality, and means of identification, through the  
medium of radio.
From the great storehouse of the ether, the human mind is constantly  
attracting vibrations which harmonize with that which DOMINATES the human  
mind. Any thought, idea, plan, or purpose which one holds in one's mind attracts,  
from the vibrations of the ether, a host of its relatives, adds these "relatives" to its  
own force, and grows until it becomes the dominating, MOTIVATING MASTER  
of the individual in whose mind it has been housed. 
Now, let us go back to the starting point, and become informed as to how  
the original seed of an idea, plan, or purpose may be planted in the mind. The  
information is easily conveyed: any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the  
mind through repetition of thought . This is why you are asked to write out a  
statement of your major purpose, or Definite Chief Aim, commit it to memory,  
and repeat it, in audible words, day after day, until these vibrations of sound  
have reached your subconscious mind. 
We are what we are, because of the vibrations of thought which we pick  
up and register, through the stimuli of our daily environment.
Resolve to throw off the influences of any unfortunate environment, and  
to build your own life to ORDER. Taking inventory of mental assets and  
liabilities, you will discover that your greatest weakness is lack of self-
confidence. This handicap can be surmounted, and timidity translated into  
courage, through the aid of the principle of autosuggestion. The application of  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   51