  THINK & GROW RICH   
The practice became so general that we witnessed during the business  
depression, the unbelievable sight of high government officials lining up with the  
cheap politicians, and labor leaders, with the openly avowed purpose of  
throttling the system which has made Industrial America the richest country on  
earth. The line-up was so general and so well organized that it prolonged the  
worst depression America has ever known. It cost millions of men their jobs,  
because those jobs were inseparably a part of the industrial and capitalistic  
system which form the very backbone of the nation. 
During this unusual alliance of government officials and self-seeking  
individuals who were endeavoring to profit by declaring "open season" on the  
American system of industry, a certain type of labor leader joined forces with the  
politicians and offered to deliver voters in return for legislation designed to  
permit men to TAKE RICHES AWAY FROM INDUSTRY BY ORGANIZED  
FORCE OF NUMBERS, INSTEAD OF THE BETTER METHOD OF GIVING A  
FAIR DAY'S WORK FOR A FAIR DAY'S PAY. 
Millions of men and women throughout the nation are still engaged in  
this popular pastime of trying to GET without GIVING. Some of them are lined  
up with labor unions, where they demand SHORTER HOURS AND MORE PAY!  
Others do not take the trouble to work at all. THEY DEMAND GOVERNMENT  
RELIEF AND ARE GETTING IT. Their idea of their rights of freedom was  
demonstrated in New York City, where violent complaint was registered with  
the Postmaster, by a group of "relief beneficiaries," because the Postmen  
awakened them at 7: 30 A. M. to deliver Government relief checks. They  
DEMANDED that the time of delivery be set up to 10: 00 o'clock.
If you are one of those who believe that riches can be accumulated by the  
mere act of men who organize themselves into groups and demand MORE PAY  
for LESS SERVICE, if you are one of those who DEMAND Government relief  
without early morning disturbance when the money is delivered to you, if you  
are one of those who believe in trading their votes to politicians in return for the  
passing of laws which permit the raiding of the public treasury, you may rest  
securely on your belief, with certain knowledge that no one will disturb you,  
because THIS IS A FREE COUNTRY WHERE EVERY MAN MAY THINK AS HE  
PLEASES, where nearly everybody can live with but little effort, where many  
may live well without doing any work whatsoever.
However, you should know the full truth concerning this FREEDOM of  
which so many people boast, and so few understand. As great as it is, as far as it  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   135