  THINK & GROW RICH   
On scores of occasions, when I have faced emergencies, some of them so  
grave that my life was in jeopardy, I have been miraculously guided past these  
difficulties through the influence of my "Invisible Counselors."
My original purpose in conducting Council meetings with imaginary  
beings, was solely that of impressing my own subconscious mind, through the  
principle of auto-suggestion, with certain characteristics which I desired to  
acquire. In more recent years, my experimentation has taken on an entirely  
different trend. I now go to my imaginary counselors with every difficult  
problem which confronts me and my clients. The results are often astonishing,  
although I do not depend entirely on this form of Counsel. 
You, of course, have recognized that this chapter covers a subject with  
which a majority of people are not familiar. The Sixth Sense is a subject that will  
be of great interest and benefit to the person whose aim is to accumulate vast  
wealth, but it need not claim the attention of those whose desires are more  
modest. 
Henry Ford, undoubtedly understands and makes practical use of the  
sixth sense. His vast business and financial operations make it necessary for him  
to understand and use this principle. The late Thomas A. Edison understood and  
used the sixth sense in connection with the development of inventions, especially  
those involving basic patents, in connection with which he had no human  
experience and no accumulated knowledge to guide him, as was the case while  
he was working on the talking machine, and the moving picture machine.
Nearly all great leaders, such as Napoleon, Bismark, Joan of Arc, Christ,  
Buddha, Confucius, and Mohammed, understood, and probably made use of the  
sixth sense almost continuously. The major portion of their greatness consisted of  
their knowledge of this principle.
The sixth sense is not something that one can take off and put on at will.  
Ability to use this great power comes slowly, through application of the other  
principles outlined in this book. Seldom does any individual come into workable  
knowledge of the sixth sense before the age of forty. More often the knowledge is  
not available until one is well past fifty, and this, for the reason that the spiritual  
forces, with which the sixth sense is so closely related, do not mature and become  
usable except through years of meditation, self-examination, and serious  
thought.
No matter who you are, or what may have been your purpose in reading  
this book, you can profit by it without understanding the principle described in  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   215