  THINK & GROW RICH   
GAMBLING. The habit of gambling, stealing, cheating, and  
otherwise taking hazardous chances to provide money for loved  
ones, with the belief that love can be bought. The habit of spending  
beyond one's means, or incurring debts, to provide gifts for loved  
ones, with the object of making a favorable showing. Insomnia,  
nervousness, lack of persistence, weakness of will, lack of self-
control, lack of self-reliance, bad temper.
THE FEAR OF OLD AGE
In the main, this fear grows out of two sources. First, the thought that old  
age may bring with it POVERTY. Secondly, and by far the most common source  
of origin, from false and cruel teachings of the past which have been too well  
mixed with "fire and brimstone," and other bogies cunningly designed to enslave  
man through fear.
In the basic fear of old age, man has two very sound reasons for his  
apprehension— one growing out of his distrust of his fellowman, who may seize  
whatever worldly goods he may possess, and the other arising from the terrible  
pictures of the world beyond, which were planted in his mind, through social  
heredity before he came into full possession of his mind. 
The possibility of ill health, which is more common as people grow older,  
is also a contributing cause of this common fear of old age. Eroticism also enters  
into the cause of the fear of old age, as no man cherishes the thought of  
diminishing sex attraction. 
The most common cause of fear of old age is associated with the  
possibility of poverty. "Poorhouse" is not a pretty word. It throws a chill into the  
mind of every person who faces the possibility of having to spend his declining  
years on a poor farm. 
Another contributing cause of the fear of old age, is the possibility of loss  
of freedom and independence, as old age may bring with it the loss of both  
physical and economic freedom. 
SYMPTOMS OF THE FEAR OF OLD AGE
The commonest symptoms of this fear are: 
The tendency to slow down and develop an inferiority  
complex at the age of mental maturity, around the age of forty,  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   233