  THINK & GROW RICH   
CONVINCE the subconscious mind that you believe you will receive that for  
which you ask, and it will act upon that belief, which your subconscious mind  
passes back to you in the form of "FAITH," followed by definite plans for  
procuring that which you desire.
The method by which one develops FAITH, where it does not already  
exist, is extremely difficult to describe, almost as difficult, in fact, as it would be  
to describe the color of red to a blind man who has never seen color, and has  
nothing with which to compare what you describe to him. Faith is a state of mind  
which you may develop at will, after you have mastered the thirteen principles,  
because it is a state of mind which develops voluntarily, through application and  
use of these principles.
Repetition of affirmation of orders to your subconscious mind is the only known  
method of voluntary development of the emotion of faith.
Perhaps the meaning may be made clearer through the following  
explanation as to the way men sometimes become criminals. Stated in the words  
of a famous criminologist, "When men first come into contact with crime, they  
abhor it. If they remain in contact with crime for a time, they become accustomed  
to it, and endure it. If they remain in contact with it long enough, they finally  
embrace it, and become influenced by it."
This is the equivalent of saying that any impulse of thought which is  
repeatedly passed on to the subconscious mind is, finally, accepted and acted  
upon by the subconscious mind, which proceeds to translate that impulse into its  
physical equivalent, by the most practical procedure available.
In connection with this, consider again the statement, ALL THOUGHTS  
WHICH HAVE BEEN EMOTIONALIZED, (given feeling) AND MIXED WITH  
FAITH, begin immediately to translate themselves into their physical equivalent  
or counterpart. 
The emotions, or the "feeling" portion of thoughts, are the factors which  
give thoughts vitality, life, and action. The emotions of Faith, Love, and Sex,  
when mixed with any thought impulse, give it greater action than any of these  
emotions can do singly.
Not only thought impulses which have been mixed with FAITH, but those  
which have been mixed with any of the positive emotions, or any of the negative  
emotions, may reach, and influence the subconscious mind. 
From this statement, you will understand that the subconscious mind will  
translate into its physical equivalent, a thought impulse of a negative or  
destructive nature, just as readily as it will act upon thought impulses of a  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   48