  THINK & GROW RICH   
appropriated, and made use of the Master Mind principle through the methods  
of procedure described in this book. 
This principle is available to you! 
We have already mentioned Mahatma Gandhi. Perhaps the majority of  
those who have heard of Gandhi, look upon him as merely an eccentric little  
man, who goes around without formal wearing apparel, and makes trouble for  
the British Government. In reality, Gandhi is not eccentric, but HE IS THE MOST  
POWERFUL MAN NOW LIVING. (Estimated by the number of his followers  
and their faith in their leader.) Moreover, he is probably the most powerful man  
who has ever lived.His power is passive, but it is real.
Let us study the method by which he attained his stupendous POWER. It  
may be explained in a few words. He came by POWER through inducing over  
two hundred million people to coordinate, with mind and body, in a spirit of  
HARMONY, for a DEFINITE PURPOSE.
In brief, Gandhi has accomplished a MIRACLE, for it is a miracle when  
two hundred million people can be induced— not forced— to cooperate in a  
spirit of HARMONY, for a limitless time. If you doubt that this is a miracle, try to  
induce ANY TWO PEOPLE to cooperate in a spirit of harmony for any length of 
time. 
Every man who manages a business knows what a difficult matter it is to  
get employees to work together in a spirit even remotely resembling  
HARMONY. 
The list of the chief sources from which POWER may be attained is, as you  
have seen, headed by INFINITE INTELLIGENCE. When two or more people  
coordinate in a spirit of HARMONY, and work toward a definite objective, they  
place themselves in position, through that alliance, to absorb power directly from  
the great universal storehouse of Infinite Intelligence. This is the greatest of all  
sources of POWER. It is the source to which the genius turns. It is the source to  
which every great leader turns, (whether he may be conscious of the fact or not).
The other two major sources from which the knowledge, necessary for the  
accumulation of POWER, may be obtained are no more reliable than the five  
senses of man. The senses are not always reliable. Infinite Intelligence DOES  
NOT ERR. 
In subsequent chapters, the methods by which Infinite Intelligence may be  
most readily contacted will be adequately described. 
This is not a course on religion. No fundamental principle described in  
this book should be interpreted as being intended to interfere either directly, or  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   171