  THINK & GROW RICH   
financial indigestion was to result, he sent for Schwab—and found that young  
man rather coy. Mr. Carnegie, Schwab indicated, might not like it if he found his  
trusted company president had been flirting with the Emperor of Wall Street, the  
Street upon which Carnegie was resolved never to tread. Then it was suggested  
by John W. Gates the go-between, that if Schwab 'happened' to be in the Bellevue  
Hotel in Philadelphia, J. P. Morgan might also 'happen' to be there. When  
Schwab arrived, however, Morgan was inconveniently ill at his New York home,  
and so, on the elder man's pressing invitation, Schwab went to New York and  
presented himself at the door of the financier's library. 
"Now certain economic historians have professed the belief that from the  
beginning to the end of the drama, the stage was set by Andrew Carnegie— that  
the dinner to Schwab, the famous speech, the Sunday night conference between  
Schwab and the Money King, were events arranged by the canny Scot. The truth  
is exactly the opposite. When Schwab was called in to consummate the deal, he  
didn't even know whether 'the little boss, ' as Andrew was called, would so  
much as listen to an offer to sell, particularly to a group of men whom Andrew  
regarded as being endowed with something less than holiness. But Schwab did  
take into the conference with him, in his own handwriting, six sheets of copper-
plate figures, representing to his mind the physical worth and the potential  
earning capacity of every steel company he regarded as an essential star in the  
new metal firmament.
"Four men pondered over these figures all night. The chief, of course, was  
Morgan, steadfast in his belief in the Divine Right of Money. With him was his  
aristocratic partner, Robert Bacon, a scholar and a gentleman. The third was John  
W. Gates whom Morgan scorned as a gambler and used as a tool. The fourth was  
Schwab, who knew more about the processes of making and selling steel than  
any whole group of men then living. Throughout that conference, the  
Pittsburgher's figures were never questioned. If he said a company was worth so  
much, then it was worth that much and no more. He was insistent, too, upon  
including in the combination only those concerns he nominated. He had  
conceived a corporation in which there would be no duplication, not even to  
satisfy the greed of friends who wanted to unload their companies upon the  
broad Morgan shoulders. Thus he left out, by design, a number of the larger  
concerns upon which the Walruses and Carpenters of Wall Street had cast  
hungry eyes.
"When dawn came, Morgan rose and straightened his back. Only one  
question remained.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   61