  THINK & GROW RICH   
of approval upon them as being, not only the steps essential for the accumulation  
of money, but neccessary for the attainment of any definite goal. 
The steps call for no "hard labor." They call for no sacrifice. They do not  
require one to become ridiculous, or credulous. To apply them calls for no great  
amount of education. But the successful application of these six steps does call  
for sufficient imagination to enable one to see, and to understand, that  
accumulation of money cannot be left to chance, good fortune, and luck. One  
must realize that all who have accumulated great fortunes, first did a certain  
amount of dreaming, hoping, wishing, DESIRING, and PLANNING before they 
acquired money. 
You may as well know, right here, that you can never have riches in great  
quantities, UNLESS you can work yourself into a white heat of DESIRE for  
money, and actually BELIEVE you will possess it.
You may as well know, also that every great leader, from the dawn of  
civilization down to the present, was a dreamer. Christianity is the greatest  
potential power in the world today, because its founder was an intense dreamer  
who had the vision and the imagination to see realities in their mental and  
spiritual form before they had been transmuted into physical form.
If you do not see great riches in your imagination, you will never see them  
in your bank balance. 
Never, in the history of America has there been so great an opportunity  
for practical dreamers as now exists. The six year economic collapse has reduced  
all men, substantially, to the same level. A new race is about to be run. The stakes  
represent huge fortunes which will be accumulated within the next ten years.  
The rules of the race have changed, because we now live in a CHANGED  
WORLD that definitely favors the masses, those who had but little or no  
opportunity to win under the conditions existing during the depression, when  
fear paralyzed growth and development.
We who are in this race for riches, should be encouraged to know that this  
changed world in which we live is demanding new ideas, new ways of doing  
things, new leaders, new inventions, new methods of teaching, new methods of  
marketing, new books, new literature, new features for the radio, new ideas for  
moving pictures. Back of all this demand for new and better things, there is one  
quality which one must possess to win, and that is DEFINITENESS OF  
PURPOSE, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning DESIRE to possess  
it. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   33