  THINK & GROW RICH   
Anything acquired without effort, and without cost is generally  
unappreciated, often discredited; perhaps this is why we get so little from our  
marvelous opportunity in public schools. The SELF-DISCIPLINE one receives  
from a definite programme of specialized study makes up to some extent, for the  
wasted opportunity when knowledge was available without cost.  
Correspondence schools are highly organized business institutions. Their tuition  
fees are so low that they are forced to insist upon prompt payments. Being asked  
to pay, whether the student makes good grades or poor, has the effect of causing  
one to follow through with the course when he would otherwise drop it. The  
correspondence schools have not stressed this point sufficiently, for the truth is  
that their collection departments constitute the very finest sort of training on  
DECISION, PROMPTNESS, ACTION and THE HABIT OF FINISHING THAT  
WHICH ONE BEGINS.
I learned this from experience, more than twenty-five years ago. I enrolled  
for a home study course in Advertising. After completing eight or ten lessons I  
stopped studying, but the school did not stop sending me bills. Moreover, it  
insisted upon payment, whether I kept up my studies or not. I decided that if I  
had to pay for the course (which I had legally obligated myself to do), I should  
complete the lessons and get my money's worth. I felt, at the time, that the  
collection system of the school was somewhat too well organized, but I learned  
later in life that it was a valuable part of my training for which no charge had  
been made. Being forced to pay, I went ahead and completed the course. Later in  
life I discovered that the efficient collection system of that school had been worth  
much in the form of money earned, because of the training in advertising I had  
so reluctantly taken. 
We have in this country what is said to be the greatest public school  
system in the world. We have invested fabulous sums for fine buildings, we have  
provided convenient transportation for children living in the rural districts, so  
they may attend the best schools, but there is one astounding weakness to this  
marvelous system— IT IS FREE! One of the strange things about human beings is  
that they value only that which has a price. The free schools of America, and the  
free public libraries, do not impress people because they are free. This is the  
major reason why so many people find it necessary to acquire additional training  
after they quit school and go lo work. It is also one of the major reasons why  
EMPLOYERS GIVE GREATER CONSIDERATION TO EMPLOYEES WHO  
TAKE HOME STUDY COURSES. They have learned, from experience, that any  
person who has the ambition to give up a part of his spare time to studying at  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   78