  THINK & GROW RICH   
Before you even start to negotiate for a readjustment of your salary in  
your present position, or to seek employment elsewhere, BE SURE THAT YOU  
ARE WORTH MORE THAN YOU NOW RECEIVE.
It is one thing to WANT money— everyone wants more—but it is  
something entirely different to be WORTH MORE! Many people mistake their  
WANTS for their JUST DUES. Your financial requirements or wants have  
nothing whatever to do with your WORTH. Your value is established entirely by  
your ability to render useful service or your capacity to induce others to render  
such service. 
TAKE INVENTORY OF YOURSELF
28 QUESTIONS YOU SHOULD ANSWER
Annual self-analysis is an essential in the effective marketing of personal  
services, as is annual inventory in merchandising. Moreover, the yearly analysis  
should disclose a DECREASE IN FAULTS, and an increase in VIRTUES. One  
goes ahead, stands still, or goes backward in life. One's object should be, of  
course, to go ahead. Annual self-analysis will disclose whether advancement has  
been, made, and if so, how much. It will also disclose any backward steps one  
may have made. The effective marketing of personal services requires one to  
move forward even if the progress is slow.
Your annual self-analysis should be made at the end of each year, so you  
can include in your New Year's Resolutions any improvements which the  
analysis indicates should be made. Take this inventory by asking yourself the  
following questions, and by checking your answers with the aid of someone who  
will not permit you to deceive yourself as to their accuracy. 
SELF-ANALYSIS QUESTIONNAIRE FOR
PERSONAL INVENTORY
1. Have I attained the goal which I established as my objective  
for this year? (You should work with a definite yearly  
objective to be attained as a part of your major life objective).
2. Have I delivered service of the best possible QUALITY of  
which I was capable, or could I have improved any part of this  
service? 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   126