  THINK & GROW RICH   
hand experience. She spent her days laboring, and her nights HOPING. When  
hope grew dim, she did not say, "Alright Broadway, you win!" She said, "Very  
well, Broadway, you may whip some, but not me. I'm going to force you to give  
up." 
One publisher (The Saturday Evening Post) sent her thirty six rejection  
slips, before she "broke the ice and got a story across. The average writer, like the  
"average" in other walks of life, would have given up the job when the first  
rejection slip came. She pounded the pavements for four years to the tune of the  
publisher's "NO," because she was determined to win.
Then came the "payoff." The spell had been broken, the unseen Guide had  
tested Fannie Hurst, and she could take it. From that time on publishers made a  
beaten path to her door. Money came so fast she hardly had time to count it.  
Then the moving picture men discovered her, and money came not in small  
change, but in floods. The moving picture rights to her latest novel, "Great  
Laughter," brought $100,000.00, said to be the highest price ever paid for a story  
before publication. Her royalties from the sale of the book probably will run  
much more.
Briefly, you have a description of what PERSISTENCE is capable of  
achieving. Fannie Hurst is no exception. Wherever men and women accumulate  
great riches, you may be sure they first acquired PERSISTENCE. Broadway will  
give any beggar a cup of coffee and a sandwich, but it demands PERSISTENCE  
of those who go after the big stakes.
Kate Smith will say "amen" when she reads this. For years she sang,  
without money, and without price, before any microphone she could reach.  
Broadway said to her, "Come and get it, if you can take it." She did take it until  
one happy day Broadway got tired and said, "Aw, what's the use? You don't  
know when you're whipped, so name your price, and go to work in earnest."  
Miss Smith named her price! It was plenty. Away up in figures so high that one  
week's salary is far more than most people make in a whole year. 
Verily it pays to be PERSISTENT!
And here is an encouraging statement which carries with it a suggestion  
of great significance— THOUSANDS OF SINGERS WHO EXCEL KATE SMITH  
ARE WALKING UP AND DOWN BROADWAY LOOKING FOR A "BREAK"—  
WITHOUT SUCCESS. Countless others have come and gone, many of them sang  
well enough, but they failed to make the grade because they lacked the courage  
to keep on keeping on, until Broadway became tired of turning them away.  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   155