  THINK & GROW RICH   
his formula will work for all who are ready for it. This single application of the  
secret, by that young man— Charles M. Schwab— made him a huge fortune in  
both money and OPPORTUNITY. Roughly speaking, this particular application  
of the formula was worth  six hundred million dollars .
These facts—and they are facts well known to almost everyone who knew  
Mr. Carnegie— give you a fair idea of what the reading of this book may bring to  
you, provided you KNOW WHAT IT IS THAT YOU WANT . 
Even before it had undergone twenty years of practical testing, the secret  
was passed on to more than one hundred thousand men and women who have  
used it for their personal benefit, as Mr. Carnegie planned that they should. Some  
have made fortunes with it. Others have used it successfully in creating harmony  
in their homes. A clergyman used it so effectively that it brought him an income  
of upwards of $75,000.00 a year. 
Arthur Nash, a Cincinnati tailor, used his near-bankrupt business as a  
"guinea pig" on which to test the formula. The business came to life and made a  
fortune for its owners. It is still thriving, although Mr. Nash has gone. The  
experiment was so unique that newspapers and magazines, gave it more than a  
million dollars' worth of laudatory publicity. 
The secret was passed on to Stuart Austin Wier, of Dallas, Texas. He was  
ready for it— so ready that he gave up his profession and studied law. Did he  
succeed? That story is told too. 
I gave the secret to Jennings Randolph, the day he graduated from  
College, and he has used it so successfully that he is now serving his third term  
as a Member of Congress, with an excellent opportunity to keep on using it until  
it carries him to the White House. 
While serving as Advertising Manager of the La-Salle Extension  
University, when it was little more than a name, I had the privilege of seeing J. G.  
Chapline, President of the University, use the formula so effectively that he has  
since made the LaSalle one of the great extension schools of the country. 
The secret to which I refer has been mentioned no fewer than a hundred  
times, throughout this book. It has not been directly named, for it seems to work  
more successfully when it is merely uncovered and left in sight, where THOSE  
WHO ARE READY, and SEARCHING FOR IT, may pick it up. That is why Mr.  
Carnegie tossed it to me so quietly, without giving me its specific name. 
If you are READY to put it to use, you will recognize this secret at least  
once in every chapter. I wish I might feel privileged to tell you how you will  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   11