  THINK & GROW RICH   
The brain functions in a similar fashion. This accounts for the fact that  
some brains are more efficient than others, and leads to this significant statement
—a group of brains coordinated (or connected) in a spirit of harmony, will  
provide more thought-energy than a single brain, just as a group of electric  
batteries will provide more energy than a single battery.
Through this metaphor it becomes immediately obvious that the Master  
Mind principle holds the secret of the POWER wielded by men who surround  
themselves with other men of brains.
There follows, now, another statement which will lead still nearer to an  
understanding of the psychic phase of the Master Mind principle: When a group  
of individual brains are coordinated and function in Harmony, the increased  
energy created through that alliance, becomes available to every individual brain  
in the group. 
It is a well known fact that Henry Ford began his business career under  
the handicap of poverty, illiteracy, and ignorance. It is an equally well known  
fact that, within the inconceivably short period of ten years, Mr. Ford mastered  
these three handicaps, and that within twenty-five years he made himself one of  
the richest men in America. Connect with this fact, the additional knowledge that  
Mr. Ford's most rapid strides became noticeable, from the time he became a  
personal friend of Thomas A. Edison, and you will begin to understand what the  
influence of one mind upon another can accomplish. Go a step farther, and  
consider the fact that Mr. Ford's most outstanding achievements began from the  
time that he formed the acquaintances of Harvey Firestone, John Burroughs, and  
Luther Burbank, (each a man of great brain capacity), and you will have further  
evidence that POWER may be produced through friendly alliance of minds. 
There is little if any doubt that Henry Ford is one of the best informed  
men in the business and industrial world. The question of his wealth needs no  
discussion. Analyze Mr. Ford's intimate personal friends, some of whom have  
already been mentioned, and you will be prepared to understand the following  
statement:— "Men take on the nature and the habits and the POWER OF  
THOUGHT of those with whom they associate in a spirit of sympathy and  
harmony." 
Henry Ford whipped poverty, illiteracy, and ignorance by allying himself  
with great minds, whose vibrations of thought he absorbed into his own mind.  
Through his association with Edison, Burbank, Burroughs, and Firestone, Mr.  
Ford added to his own brain power, the sum and substance of the intelligence,  
experience, knowledge, and spiritual forces of these four men. Moreover, he  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   170