  THINK & GROW RICH   
can never bring me success. I will cause others to believe in me,  
because I will believe in them, and in myself.
I will sign my name to this formula, commit it to memory,  
and repeat it aloud once a day, with full FAITH that it will  
gradually influence my THOUGHTS and ACTIONS so that I will  
become a self-reliant, and successful person.
Back of this formula is a law of Nature which no man has yet been able to  
explain. It has baffled the scientists of all ages. The psychologists have named  
this law "auto-suggestion," and let it go at that. 
The name by which one calls this law is of little importance. The  
important fact about it is— it WORKS for the glory and success of mankind, IF it  
is used constructively. On the other hand, if used destructively, it will destroy  
just as readily. In this statement may be found a very significant truth, namely;  
that those who go down in defeat, and end their lives in poverty, misery, and  
distress, do so because of negative application of the principle of auto-
suggestion. The cause may be found in the fact that ALL IMPULSES OF  
THOUGHT HAVE A TENDENCY TO CLOTHE THEMSELVES IN THEIR  
PHYSICAL EQUIVALENT.
The subconscious mind, (the chemical laboratory in which all thought  
impulses are combined, and made ready for translation into physical reality),  
makes no distinction between constructive and destructive thought impulses. It  
works with the material we feed it, through our thought impulses. The  
subconscious mind will translate into reality a thought driven by FEAR just as  
readily as it will translate into reality a thought driven by COURAGE, or FAITH.
The pages of medical history are rich with illustrations of cases of  
"suggestive suicide." A man may commit suicide through negative suggestion,  
just as effectively as by any other means. In a midwestern city, a man by the  
name of Joseph Grant, a bank official, "borrowed" a large sum of the bank's  
money, without the consent of the directors. He lost the money through  
gambling. One afternoon, the Bank Examiner came and began to check the  
accounts. Grant left the bank, took a room in a local hotel, and when they found  
him, three days later, he was lying in bed, wailing and moaning, repeating over  
and over these words, "My God, this will kill me! I cannot stand the disgrace." In  
a short time he was dead. The doctors pronounced the case one of "mental  
suicide." 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   53