  THINK & GROW RICH   
and helped you to blend the coloring of the flowers with more splendor and  
harmony, for you, alone, have successfully gilded the lily. 
"Napoleon, I desire to acquire from you, by emulation, the marvelous  
ability you possessed to inspire men, and to arouse them to greater and more  
determined spirit of action. Also to acquire the spirit of enduring FAITH, which  
enabled you to turn defeat into victory, and to surmount staggering obstacles.  
Emperor of Fate, King of Chance, Man of Destiny, I salute you!
"Mr. Paine, I desire to acquire from you the freedom of thought and the  
courage and clarity with which to express convictions, which so distinguished  
you! 
"Mr. Darwin, I wish to acquire from you the marvelous patience, and  
ability to study cause and effect, without bias or prejudice, so exemplified by you  
in the field of natural science. 
"Mr. Lincoln, I desire to build into my own character the keen sense of  
justice, the untiring spirit of patience, the sense of humor, the human  
understanding, and the tolerance, which were your distinguishing  
characteristics.
"Mr. Carnegie, I am already indebted to you for my choice of a life-work,  
which has brought me great happiness and peace of mind. I wish to acquire a  
thorough understanding of the principles of organized effort, which you used so  
effectively in the building of a great industrial enterprise.
"Mr. Ford, you have been among the most helpful of the men who have  
supplied much of the material essential to my work. I wish to acquire your spirit  
of persistence, the determination, poise, and self-confidence which have enabled  
you to master poverty, organize, unify, and simplify human effort, so I may help  
others to follow in your footsteps. 
"Mr. Edison, I have seated you nearest to me, at my right, because of the  
personal cooperation you have given me, during my research into the causes of  
success and failure. I wish to acquire from you the marvelous spirit of FAITH,  
with which you have uncovered so many of Nature's secrets, the spirit of  
unremitting toil with which you have so often wrested victory from defeat." 
My method of addressing the members of the imaginary Cabinet would  
vary, according to the traits of character in which I was, for the moment, most  
interested in acquiring. I studied the records of their lives with painstaking care.  
After some months of this nightly procedure, I was astounded by the discovery  
that these imaginary figures became, apparently real.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   211