  THINK & GROW RICH   
negotiating with Dan Halpin for a position. Mr. Halpin offered him a beginning  
salary of about one half what he could have gotten from a rival company. I  
brought parental pressure to bear, and induced him to accept the place with Mr.  
Halpin, because I BELIEVE THAT CLOSE ASSOCIATION WITH ONE WHO  
REFUSES TO COMPROMISE WITH CIRCUMSTANCES HE DOES NOT LIKE,  
IS AN ASSET THAT CAN NEVER BE MEASURED IN TERMS OF MONEY.
The bottom is a monotonous, dreary, unprofitable place for any person.  
That is why I have taken the time to describe how lowly beginnings may be  
circumvented by proper planning. Also, that is why so much space has been  
devoted to a description of this new profession, created by a woman who was  
inspired to do a fine job of PLANNING because she wanted her son to have a  
favorable "break." 
With the changed conditions ushered in by the world economic collapse,  
came also the need for newer and better ways of marketing PERSONAL  
SERVICES. It is hard to determine why someone had not previously discovered  
this stupendous need, in view of the fact that more money changes hands in  
return for personal services than for any other purpose. The sum paid out  
monthly, to people who work for wages and salaries, is so huge that it runs into  
hundreds of millions, and the annual distribution amounts to billions. 
Perhaps some will find, in the IDEA here briefly described, the nucleus of  
the riches they DESIRE! Ideas with much less merit have been the seedlings from  
which great fortunes have grown. Woolworth's Five and Ten Cent Store idea, for  
example, had far less merit, but it piled up a fortune for its creator.
Those seeing OPPORTUNITY lurking in this suggestion will find valuable  
aid in the chapter on Organized Planning. Incidentally, an efficient merchandiser  
of personal services would find a growing demand for his services wherever  
there are men and women who seek better markets for their services. By  
applying the Master Mind principle, a few people with suitable talent, could  
form an alliance, and have a paying business very quickly. One would need to be  
a fair writer, with a flair for advertising and selling, one handy at typing and  
hand lettering, and one should be a first class business getter who would let the  
world know about the service. If one person possessed all these abilities, he  
might carry on the business alone, until it outgrew him. 
The woman who prepared the "Personal Service Sales Plan" for her son  
now receives requests from all parts of the country for her cooperation in  
preparing similar plans for others who desire to market their personal services  
for more money. She has a staff of expert typists, artists, and writers who have  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   84