  THINK & GROW RICH   
attainment of his DESIRE had been held out to him. To everyone, except himself,  
he appeared only another cog in the Edison business wheel, but in his own mind,  
HE WAS THE PARTNER OF EDISON EVERY MINUTE OF THE TIME, from the  
very day that he first went to work there.
It is a remarkable illustration of the power of a DEFINITE DESIRE. Barnes  
won his goal, because he wanted to be a business associate of Mr. Edison, more  
than he wanted anything else. He created a plan by which to attain that purpose.
But he BURNED ALL BRIDGES BEHIND HIM. 
He stood by his DESIRE until it became the dominating obsession of his  
life— and— finally, a fact. 
When he went to Orange, he did not say to himself, "I will try to induce  
Edison to give me a job of some soft." He said, "I will see Edison, and put him on  
notice that I have come to go into business with him.
He did not say, "I will work there for a few months, and if I get no  
encouragement, I will quit and get a job somewhere else." He did say, "I will start  
anywhere. I will do anything Edison tells me to do, but before I am through , I will 
be his associate." 
He did not say, "I will keep my eyes open for another opportunity, in case  
I fail to get what I want in the Edison organization." He said, "There is but ONE  
thing in this world that I am determined to have, and that is a business  
association with Thomas A. Edison. I will burn all bridges behind me, and stake  
my ENTIRE FUTURE on my ability to get what I want."
He left himself no possible way of retreat. He had to win or perish!
That is all there is to the Barnes story of success! A long while ago, a great  
warrior faced a situation which made it necessary for him to make a decision  
which insured his success on the battlefield. He was about to send his armies  
against a powerful foe, whose men outnumbered his own. He loaded his soldiers  
into boats, sailed to the enemy's country, unloaded soldiers and equipment, then  
gave the order to burn the ships that had carried them. Addressing his men  
before the first battle, he said, "You see the boats going up in smoke. That means  
that we cannot leave these shores alive unless we win! We now have no choice—
we win, or we perish!  They won. 
Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to burn his  
ships and cut all sources of retreat. Only by so doing can one be sure of  
maintaining that state of mind known as a BURNING DESIRE TO WIN, essential  
to success. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   30