  THINK & GROW RICH   
fortunes, with the hope that these illustrations will convey definite information  
concerning the method by which imagination may be used in accumulating  
riches. 
THE ENCHANTED KETTLE
Fifty years ago, an old country doctor drove to town, hitched his horse,  
quietly slipped into a drug store by the back door, and began "dickering" with  
the young drug clerk.
His mission was destined to yield great wealth to many people. It was  
destined to bring to the South the most far-flung benefit since the Civil War. 
For more than an hour, behind the prescription counter, the old doctor  
and the clerk talked in low tones. Then the doctor left. He went out to the buggy  
and brought back a large, old fashioned kettle, a big wooden paddle (used for  
stirring the contents of the kettle), and deposited them in the back of the store.
The clerk inspected the kettle, reached into his inside pocket, took out a  
roll of bills, and handed it over to the doctor. The roll contained exactly $500.00—
the clerk's entire savings! The doctor handed over a small slip of paper on which  
was written a secret formula. The words on that small slip of paper were worth a  
King's ransom! But not to the doctor! Those magic words were needed to start  
the kettle to boiling, but neither the doctor nor the young clerk knew what  
fabulous fortunes were destined to flow from that kettle. 
The old doctor was glad to sell the outfit for five hundred dollars. The  
money would pay off his debts, and give him freedom of mind. The clerk was  
taking a big chance by staking his entire life's savings on a mere scrap of paper  
and an old kettle! He never dreamed his investment would start a kettle to  
overflowing with gold that would surpass the miraculous performance of  
Aladdin's lamp.
What the clerk really purchased was an IDEA! The old kettle and the  
wooden paddle, and the secret message on a slip of paper were incidental. The  
strange performance of that kettle began to take place after the new owner mixed  
with the secret instructions an ingredient of which the doctor knew nothing.
Read this story carefully, give your imagination a test! See if you can  
discover what it was that the young man added to the secret message, which  
caused the kettle to overflow with gold. Remember, as you read, that this is not a  
story from Arabian Nights. Here you have a story of facts, stranger than fiction,  
facts which began in the form of an IDEA. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   90