  THINK & GROW RICH   
criticism, but by constructive suggestion. Parents may accomplish the same  
results with their children. Criticism will plant FEAR in the human heart, or  
resentment, but it will not build love or affection.
SYMPTOMS OF THE FEAR OF CRITICISM 
This fear is almost as universal as the fear of poverty, and its effects are  
just as fatal to personal achievement, mainly because this fear destroys initiative,  
and discourages the use of imagination. The major symptoms of the fear are: 
SELF-CONSCIOUSNESS. Generally expressed through  
nervousness, timidity in conversation and in meeting strangers,  
awkward movement of the hands and limbs, shifting of the eyes. 
LACK OF POISE. Expressed through lack of voice control,  
nervousness in the presence of others, poor posture of body, poor  
memory. 
PERSONALITY. Lacking in firmness of decision, personal  
charm, and ability to express opinions definitely. The habit of side-
stepping issues instead of meeting them squarely. Agreeing with  
others without careful examination of their opinions. 
INFERIORITY COMPLEX. The habit of expressing self-
approval by word of mouth and by actions, as a means of covering  
up a feeling of inferiority. Using "big words" to impress others,  
(often without knowing the real meaning of the words). Imitating  
others in dress, speech and manners. Boasting of imaginary  
achievements. This sometimes gives a surface appearance of a  
feeling of superiority.
EXTRAVAGANCE. The habit of trying to "keep up with the  
Joneses," spending beyond one's income. 
LACK OF INITIATIVE. Failure to embrace opportunities for  
self-advancement, fear to express opinions, lack of confidence in  
one's own ideas, giving evasive answers to questions asked by  
superiors, hesitancy of manner and speech, deceit in both words  
and deeds. 
LACK OF AMBITION. Mental and physical laziness, lack of  
self-assertion, slowness in reaching decisions, easily influenced by  
others, the habit of criticising others behind their backs and  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   228