  THINK & GROW RICH   
harmony, and in some instances, as in the case of the author's son, it can. help  
you master physical affliction. 
The author discovered, through personally analyzing hundreds of  
successful men, that all of them followed the habit of exchanging ideas, through  
what is commonly called conferences. When they had problems to be solved they  
sat down together and talked freely until they discovered, from their joint  
contribution of ideas, a plan that would serve their purpose. 
You, who read this book, will get most out of it by putting into practice  
the Master Mind principle described in the book. This you can do (as others are  
doing so successfully) by forming a study club, consisting of any desired number  
of people who are friendly and harmonious. The club should have a meeting at  
regular periods, as often as once each week. The procedure should consist of  
reading one chapter of the book at each meeting, after which the contents of the  
chapter should be freely discussed by all members. Each member should make  
notes, putting down ALL IDEAS OF HIS OWN  inspired by the discussion. Each  
member should carefully read and analyze each chapter several days prior to its  
open reading and joint discussion in the club. The reading at the club should be  
done by someone who reads well and understands how to put color and feeling  
into the lines. 
By following this plan every reader will get from its pages, not only the  
sum total of the best knowledge organized from the experiences of hundreds of  
successful men, but more important by far, he will tap new sources of knowledge in  
his own mind as well as acquire knowledge of priceless value FROM EVERY OTHER  
PERSON PRESENT.  
If you follow this plan persistently you will be almost certain to uncover  
and appropriate the secret formula by which Andrew Carnegie acquired his  
huge fortune, as referred to in the author's introduction. 
TRIBUTES TO THE AUTHOR
From Great American Leaders
"THINK AND GROW RICH" was 25 years in the making. It is Napoleon  
Hill's newest book, based upon his famous Law of Success Philosophy. His work  
and writings have been praised by great leaders in Finance, Education, Politics,  
Government. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   5