  THINK & GROW RICH   
United States Steel, the application of a major portion of the thirteen principles  
described in this book.
This astounding description of the power of an IDEA was dramatically  
told by John Lowell, in the New York World- Telegram, with whose courtesy it is  
here reprinted.
"A PRETTY AFTER-DINNER SPEECH FOR A  
BILLION DOLLARS
"When, on the evening of December 12, 1900, some eighty of the nation's  
financial nobility gathered in the banquet hail of the University Club on Fifth  
Avenue to do honor to a young man from out of the West, not half a dozen of the  
guests realized they were to witness the most significant episode in American  
industrial history.
"J. Edward Simmons and Charles Stewart Smith, their hearts full of  
gratitude for the lavish hospitality bestowed on them by Charles M. Schwab  
during a recent visit to Pittsburgh, had arranged the dinner to introduce the  
thirty-eight-year-old steel man to eastern banking society. But they didn't expect  
him to stampede the convention. They warned him, in fact, that the bosoms  
within New York's stuffed shirts would not be responsive to oratory, and that, if  
he didn't want to bore the Stilhnans and Harrimans and Vanderbilts, he had  
better limit himself to fifteen or twenty minutes of polite vaporings and let it go  
at that. 
"Even John Pierpont Morgan, sitting on the right hand of Schwab as  
became his imperial dignity, intended to grace the banquet table with his  
presence only briefly. And so far as the press and public were concerned, the  
whole affair was of so little moment that no mention of it found its way into print  
the next day. 
"So the two hosts and their distinguished guests ate their way through the  
usual seven or eight courses. There was little conversation and what there was of  
it was restrained. Few of the bankers and brokers had met Schwab, whose career  
had flowered along the banks of the Monongahela, and none knew him well. But  
before the evening was over, they— and with them Money Master Morgan —  
were to be swept off their feet, and a billion dollar baby, the United States Steel  
Corporation, was to be conceived. 
"It is perhaps unfortunate, for the sake of history, that no record of Charlie  
Schwab's speech at the dinner ever was made. He repeated some parts of it at a  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   58