  THINK & GROW RICH   
has limited his knowledge to physical things, which he could see, touch, weigh,  
and measure. 
We are now entering the most marvelous of all ages—an age which will  
teach us something of the intangible forces of the world about us. Perhaps we  
shall learn, as we pass through this age, that the "other self" is more powerful  
than the physical self we see when we look into a mirror. 
Sometimes men speak lightly of the intangibles— the things which they  
cannot perceive through any of their five senses, and when we hear them, it  
should remind us that all of us are controlled by forces which are unseen and  
intangible.
The whole of mankind has not the power to cope with, nor to control the  
intangible force wrapped up in the rolling waves of the oceans. Man has not the  
capacity to understand the intangible force of gravity, which keeps this little  
earth suspended in mid-air, and keeps man from falling from it, much less the  
power to control that force. Man is entirely subservient to the intangible force  
which comes with a thunder storm, and he is just as helpless in the presence of  
the intangible force of electricity— nay, he does not even know what electricity  
is, where it comes from, or what is its purpose! 
Nor is this by any means the end of man's ignorance in connection with  
things unseen and intangible. He does not understand the intangible force (and  
intelligence) wrapped up in the soil of the earth— the force which provides him  
with every morsel of food he eats, every article of clothing he wears, every dollar he  
carries in his pockets.  
THE DRAMATIC STORY OF THE BRAIN
Last, but not least, man, with all of his boasted culture and education,  
understands little or nothing of the intangible force (the greatest of all the  
intangibles) of thought. He knows but little concerning the physical brain, and its  
vast network of intricate machinery through which the power of thought is  
translated into its material equivalent, but he is now entering an age which shall  
yield enlightenment on the subject. Already men of science have begun to turn  
their attention to the study of this stupendous thing called a brain, and, while  
they are still in the kindergarten stage of their studies, they have uncovered  
enough knowledge to know that the central switchboard of the human brain, the  
number of lines which connect the brain cells one with another, equal the figure  
one, followed by fifteen million ciphers. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   203