  THINK & GROW RICH   
A great many years ago I purchased a fine dictionary. The first thing I did  
with it was to turn to the word "impossible," and neatly clip it out of the book.  
That would not be an unwise thing for you to do.
Success comes to those who become SUCCESS CONSCIOUS. 
Failure comes to those who indifferently allow themselves to become  
FAILURE CONSCIOUS. 
The object of this book is to help all who seek it, to learn the art of  
changing their minds from FAILURE CONSCIOUSNESS to SUCCESS  
CONSCIOUSNESS.
Another weakness found in altogether too many people, is the habit of  
measuring everything, and everyone, by  their own impressions and beliefs. Some  
who will read this, will believe that no one can THINK AND GROW RICH. They  
cannot think in terms of riches, because their thought habits have been steeped in  
poverty, want, misery, failure, and defeat. 
These unfortunate people remind me of a prominent Chinese, who came  
to America to be educated in American ways. He attended the University of  
Chicago. One day President Harper met this young Oriental on the campus,  
stopped to chat with him for a few minutes, and asked what had impressed him  
as being the most noticeable characteristic of the American people.
"Why," the Chinaman exclaimed, "the queer slant of your eyes. Your eyes  
are off slant!" 
What do we say about the Chinese? 
We refuse to believe that which we do not understand. We foolishly  
believe that our own limitations are the proper measure of limitations. Sure, the  
other fellow's eyes are "off slant," BECAUSE THEY ARE NOT THE SAME AS  
OUR OWN. 
Millions of people look at the achievements of Henry Ford, after he has  
arrived, and envy him, because of his good fortune, or luck, or genius, or  
whatever it is that they credit for Ford's fortune. Perhaps one person in every  
hundred thousand knows the secret of Ford's success, and those who do know  
are too modest, or too reluctant, to speak of it, because of its simplicity . A single 
transaction will illustrate the "secret" perfectly.
A few years back, Ford decided to produce his now famous V-8 motor. He  
chose to build an engine with the entire eight cylinders cast in one block, and  
instructed his engineers to produce a design for the engine. The design was  
placed on paper, but the engineers agreed, to a man, that it was simply impossible 
to cast an eight-cylinder gas engine block in one piece.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   24