  THINK & GROW RICH   
catch a significant suggestion from this statement: "No two minds ever come  
together without, thereby, creating a third, invisible, intangible force which may  
be likened to a third mind." 
Keep in mind the fact that there are only two known elements in the  
whole universe, energy and matter. It is a well known fact that matter may be  
broken down into units of molecules, atoms, and electrons. There are units of  
matter which may be isolated, separated, and analyzed. 
Likewise, there are units of energy. 
The human mind is a form of energy, a part of it being spiritual in nature.  
When the minds of two people are coordinated in a SPIRIT OF HARMONY, the  
spiritual units of energy of each mind form an affinity, which constitutes the  
"psychic" phase of the Master Mind. 
The Master Mind principle, or rather the economic feature of it, was first  
called to my attention by Andrew Carnegie, over twenty-five years ago.  
Discovery of this principle was responsible for the choice of my life's work. 
Mr. Carnegie's Master Mind group consisted of a staff of approximately  
fifty men, with whom he surrounded himself, for the DEFINITE PURPOSE of  
manufacturing and marketing steel. He attributed his entire fortune to the  
POWER he accumulated through this "Master Mind." 
Analyze the record of any man who has accumulated a great fortune, and  
many of those who have accumulated modest fortunes, and you will find that  
they have either consciously, or unconsciously employed the "Master Mind"  
principle. 
GREAT POWER CAN BE ACCUMULATED THROUGH NO OTHER  
PRINCIPLE!
ENERGY is Nature's universal set of building blocks, out of which she  
constructs every material thing in the universe, including man, and every form of  
animal and vegetable life. Through a process which only Nature completely  
understands, she translates energy into matter. 
Nature's building blocks are available to man, in the energy involved in  
THINKING! Man's brain may be compared to an electric battery. It absorbs  
energy from the ether, which permeates every atom of matter, and fills the entire  
universe.
It is a well known fact that a group of electric batteries will provide more  
energy than a single battery. It is also a well known fact that an individual  
battery will provide energy in proportion to the number and capacity of the cells  
it contains. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   169