  THINK & GROW RICH   
flattering them to their faces, the habit of accepting defeat without  
protest, quitting an undertaking when opposed by others,  
suspicious of other people without cause, lacking in tactfulness of  
manner and speech, unwillingness to accept the blame for mistakes.  
THE FEAR OF ILL HEALTH
This fear may be traced to both physical and social heredity. It is closely  
associated, as to its origin, with the causes of fear of Old Age and the fear of  
Death, because it leads one closely to the border of "terrible worlds" of which  
man knows not, but concerning which he has been taught some discomforting  
stories. The opinion is somewhat general, also, that certain unethical people  
engaged in the business of "selling health" have had not a little to do with  
keeping alive the fear of ill health. 
In the main, man fears ill health because of the terrible pictures which  
have been planted in his mind of what may happen if death should overtake  
him. He also fears it because of the economic toll which it may claim. 
A reputable physician estimated that 75% of all people who visit  
physicians for professional service are suffering with hypochondria (imaginary  
illness). It has been shown most convincingly that the fear of disease, even where  
there is not the slightest cause for fear, often produces the physical symptoms of  
the disease feared.
Powerful and mighty is the human mind! It builds or it destroys. 
Playing upon this common weakness of fear of ill health, dispensers of  
patent medicines have reaped fortunes. This form of imposition upon credulous  
humanity became so prevalent some twenty years ago that Colliers' Weekly  
Magazine conducted a bitter campaign against some of the worst offenders in the  
patent medicine business.
During the "flu" epidemic which broke out during the world war, the  
mayor of New York City took drastic steps to check the damage which people  
were doing themselves through their inherent fear of ill health. He called in the  
newspaper men and said to them, "Gentlemen, I feel it necessary to ask you not  
to publish any scare headlines concerning the 'flu' epidemic. Unless you cooperate  
with me, we will have a situation which we cannot control." The newspapers quit  
publishing stories about the "flu," and within one month the epidemic had been  
successfully checked. 
Through a series of experiments conducted some years ago, it was proved  
that people may be made ill by suggestion. We conducted this experiment by  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   229