  THINK & GROW RICH   
causing three acquaintances to visit the "victims," each of whom asked the  
question, "What ails you? You look terribly ill." The first questioner usually  
provoked a grin, and a nonchalant "Oh, nothing, I'm alright," from the victim.  
The second questioner usually was answered with the statement, "I don't know  
exactly, but I do feel badly." The third questioner was usually met with the frank  
admission that the victim was actually feeling ill.
Try this on an acquaintance if you doubt that it will make him  
uncomfortable, but do not carry the experiment too far. There is a certain  
religious sect whose members take vengeance upon their enemies by the  
"hexing" method. They call it "placing a spell" on the victim. 
There is overwhelming evidence that disease sometimes begins in the  
form of negative thought impulse. Such an impulse may be passed from one  
mind to another, by suggestion, or created by an individual in his own mind. 
A man who was blessed with more wisdom than this incident might  
indicate, once said "When anyone asks me how I feel, I always want to answer by  
knocking him down." 
Doctors send patients into new climates for their health, because a change  
of "mental attitude" is necessary. The seed of fear of ill health lives in every  
human mind. Worry, fear, discouragement, disappointment in love and business  
affairs, cause this seed to germinate and grow. The recent business depression  
kept the doctors on the run, because every form of negative thinking may cause  
ill health.
Disappointments in business and in love stand at the head of the list of  
causes of fear of ill health. A young man suffered a disappointment in love which  
sent him to a hospital. For months he hovered between life and death. A  
specialist in suggestive therapeutics was called in. The specialist changed nurses,  
placing him in charge of a very charming young woman  who began (by pre-
arrangement with the doctor) to make love to him the first day of her arrival on  
the job. Within three weeks the patient was discharged from the hospital, still  
suffering, but with an entirely different malady. HE WAS IN LOVE AGAIN. The  
remedy was a hoax, but the patient and the nurse were later married. Both are in  
good health at the time of this writing. 
SYMPTOMS OF THE FEAR OF ILL HEALTH
The symptoms of this almost universal fear are: 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   230