  THINK & GROW RICH   
The business depression marked the death of one age, and the birth of  
another. This changed world requires practical dreamers who can, and will put 
their dreams into action. The practical dreamers have always been, and always  
will be the pattern-makers of civilization.
We who desire to accumulate riches, should remember the real leaders of  
the world always have been men who harnessed, and put into practical use, the  
intangible, unseen forces of unborn opportunity, and have converted those  
forces, [or impulses of thought], into sky-scrapers, cities, factories, airplanes,  
automobiles, and every form of convenience that makes life more pleasant.
Tolerance, and an open mind are practical necessities of the dreamer of  
today. Those who are afraid of new ideas are doomed before they start. Never  
has there been a time more favorable to pioneers than the present. True, there is  
no wild and woolly west to be conquered, as in the days of the Covered Wagon;  
but there is a vast business, financial, and industrial world to be remoulded and  
redirected along new and better lines.
In planning to acquire your share of the riches, let no one influence you to  
scorn the dreamer. To win the big stakes in this changed world, you must catch  
the spirit of the great pioneers of the past, whose dreams have given to  
civilization all that it has of value, the spirit which serves as the life-blood of our  
own country— your opportunity and mine, to develop and market our talents. 
Let us not forget, Columbus dreamed of an Unknown world, staked his  
life on the existence of such a world, and discovered it! 
Copernicus, the great astronomer, dreamed of a multiplicity of worlds,  
and revealed them! No one denounced him as "impractical" after he had 
triumphed. Instead, the world worshipped at his shrine, thus proving once more  
that "SUCCESS REQUIRES NO APOLOGIES, FAILURE PERMITS NO ALIBIS."
If the thing you wish to do is right, and you believe in it, go ahead and do it!  
Put your dream across, and never mind what "they" say if you meet with  
temporary defeat, for "they," perhaps, do not know that EVERY FAILURE  
BRINGS WITH IT THE SEED OF AN EQUIVALENT SUCCESS. 
Henry Ford, poor and uneducated, dreamed of a horseless carriage, went  
to work with what tools he possessed, without waiting for opportunity to favor  
him, and now evidence of his dream belts the entire earth. He has put more  
wheels into operation than any man who ever lived, because he was not afraid to  
back his dreams. 
Thomas Edison dreamed of a lamp that could be operated by electricity,  
began where he stood to put his dream into action, and despite more than ten  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   34