  THINK & GROW RICH   
receptive powers, and place at your command, for your own benefit, this same  
irresistible power. The awareness of this power may come to you in the first  
chapter, or it may flash into your mind in some subsequent chapter. It may come  
in the form of a single idea. Or, it may come in the nature of a plan, or a purpose.  
Again, it may cause you to go back into your past experiences of failure or defeat,  
and bring to the surface some lesson by which you can regain all that you lost  
through defeat.
After I had described to Mr. Darby the power unwittingly used by the  
little colored child, he quickly retraced his thirty years of experience as a life  
insurance salesman, and frankly acknowledged that his success in that field was  
due, in no small degree, to the lesson he had learned from the child. 
Mr. Darby pointed out: "every time a prospect tried to bow me out, without  
buying, I saw that child standing there in the old mill, her big eyes glaring in  
defiance, and I said to myself, 'I've gotta make this sale. ' The better portion of all  
sales I have made, were made after people had said 'NO'." 
He recalled, too, his mistake in having stopped only three feet from gold,  
"but," he said, "that experience was a blessing in disguise. It taught me to keep on 
keeping on, no matter how hard the going may be, a lesson I needed to learn  
before I could succeed in anything." 
This story of Mr. Darby and his uncle, the colored child and the gold  
mine, doubtless will be read by hundreds of men who make their living by  
selling life insurance, and to all of these, the author wishes to offer the suggestion  
that Darby owes to these two experiences his ability to sell more than a million  
dollars of life insurance every year. 
Life is strange, and often imponderable! Both the successes and the  
failures have their roots in simple experiences. Mr. Darby's experiences were  
commonplace and simple enough, yet they held the answer to his destiny in life,  
therefore they were as important (to him) as life itself. He profited by these two  
dramatic experiences, because he analyzed them, and found the lesson they taught.  
But what of the man who has neither the time, nor the inclination to study failure  
in search of knowledge that may lead to success? Where, and how is he to learn  
the art of converting defeat into stepping stones to opportunity? 
In answer to these questions, this book was written.
The answer called for a description of thirteen principles, but remember,  
as you read, the answer you may be seeking, to the questions which have caused  
you to ponder over the strangeness of life, may be found in your own mind, 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   22