  THINK & GROW RICH   
Before leaving the subject of PERSISTENCE, take inventory of yourself,  
and determine in what particular, if any, you are lacking in this essential quality.  
Measure yourself courageously, point by point, and see how many of the eight  
factors of persistence you lack. The analysis may lead to discoveries that will give  
you a new grip on yourself. 
SYMPTOMS OF LACK OF PERSISTENCE
Here you will find the real enemies which stand between you and  
noteworthy achievement. Here you will find not only the "symptoms" indicating  
weakness of PERSISTENCE, but also the deeply seated subconscious causes of  
this weakness. Study the list carefully, and face yourself squarely IF YOU  
REALLY WISH TO KNOW WHO YOU ARE, AND WHAT YOU ARE CAPABLE  
OF DOING. These are the weaknesses which must be mastered by all who  
accumulate riches. 
1. Failure to recognize and to clearly define exactly what one  
wants.
2. Procrastination, with or without cause. (Usually backed  
up with a formidable array of alibis and excuses).
3. Lack of interest in acquiring specialized knowledge.
4. Indecision, the habit of "passing the buck" on all occasions,  
instead of facing issues squarely. (Also backed by alibis).
5. The habit of relying upon alibis instead of creating definite  
plans for the solution of problems. 
6. Self-satisfaction. There is but little remedy for this  
affliction, and no hope for those who suffer from it.
7. Indifference, usually reflected in one's readiness to  
compromise on all occasions, rather than meet opposition and fight  
it.
8. The habit of blaming others for one's mistakes, and  
accepting unfavorable circumstances as being unavoidable. 
9. WEAKNESS OF DESIRE, due to neglect in the choice of  
MOTIVES that impel action. 
10. Willingness, even eagerness, to quit at the first sign of  
defeat. (Based upon one or more of the 6 basic fears). 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   157