  THINK & GROW RICH   
It is a very old saying that "a man's wife may either make him or break  
him," but the reason is not always understood. The "making" and "breaking" is  
the result of the wife's understanding, or lack of understanding of the emotions  
of love, sex, and romance. 
Despite the fact that men are polygamous, by the very nature of their  
biological inheritance, it is true that no woman has as great an influence on a  
man as his wife, unless he is married to a woman totally unsuited to his nature. If  
a woman permits her husband to lose interest in her, and become more  
interested in other women, it is usually because of her ignorance, or indifference  
toward the subjects of sex, love, and romance. This statement presupposes, of  
course, that genuine love once existed between a man and his wife. The facts are  
equally applicable to a man who permits his wife's interest in him to die.
Married people often bicker over a multitude of trivialities. If these are  
analyzed accurately, the real cause of the trouble will often be found to be  
indifference, or ignorance on these subjects.
Man's greatest motivating force is his desire to please woman!  The hunter who 
excelled during prehistoric days, before the dawn of civilization, did so, because  
of his desire to appear great in the eyes of woman. Man's nature has not changed  
in this respect. The "hunter" of today brings home no skins of wild animals, but  
he indicates his desire for her favor by supplying fine clothes, motor cars, and  
wealth. Man has the same desire to please woman that he had before the dawn of  
civilization. The only thing that has changed, is his method of pleasing. Men who  
accumulate large fortunes, and attain to great heights of power and fame, do so,  
mainly, to satisfy their desire to please women . 
Take women out of their lives, and great wealth would be useless to most  
men. It is this inherent desire of man to please woman, which gives woman the power to  
make or break a man.  
The woman who understands man's nature and tactfully caters to it, need  
have no fear of competition from other women. Men may be "giants" with  
indomitable will-power when dealing with other men, but they are easily  
managed by the women of their choice. 
Most men will not admit that they are easily influenced by the women  
they prefer, because it is in the nature of the male to want to be recognized as the  
stronger of the species. Moreover, the intelligent woman recognizes this "manly  
trait" and very wisely makes no issue of it.
Some men know that they are being influenced by the women of their  
choice— their wives, sweethearts, mothers or sisters— but they tactfully refrain  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   192