  THINK & GROW RICH   
hold of the imagination in such a realistic way that it paralyzes reason, and sets  
up the fear of death.
In truth, NO MAN KNOWS, and no man has ever known, what heaven or  
hell is like, nor does any man know if either place actually exists. This very lack  
of positive knowledge opens the door of the human mind to the charlatan so he  
may enter and control that mind with his stock of legerdemain and various  
brands of pious fraud and trickery. 
The fear of DEATH is not as common now as it was during the age when  
there were no great colleges and universities. Men of science have turned the  
spotlight of truth upon the world, and this truth is rapidly freeing men and  
women from this terrible fear of DEATH. The young men and young women  
who attend the colleges and universities are not easily impressed by "fire" and  
"brimstone." Through the aid of biology, astronomy, geology, and other related  
sciences, the fears of the dark ages which gripped the minds of men and  
destroyed their reason have been dispelled.
Insane asylums are filled with men and women who have gone mad,  
because of the FEAR OF DEATH. 
This fear is useless. Death will come, no matter what anyone may think  
about it. Accept it as a necessity, and pass the thought out of your mind. It must  
be a, necessity, or it would not come to all. Perhaps it is not as bad as it has been  
pictured.
The entire world is made up of only two things, ENERGY and MATTER.  
In elementary physics we learn that neither matter nor energy (the only two  
realities known to man) can be created nor destroyed. Both matter and energy  
can be transformed, but neither can be destroyed. 
Life is energy, if it is anything. If neither energy nor matter can be  
destroyed, of course life cannot be destroyed. Life, like other forms of energy,  
may be passed through various processes of transition, or change, but it cannot  
be destroyed. Death is mere transition.
If death is not mere change, or transition, then nothing comes after death  
except a long, eternal, peaceful sleep, and sleep is nothing to be feared. Thus you  
may wipe out, forever, the fear of Death. 
SYMPTOMS OF THE FEAR OF DEATH
The general symptoms of this fear are:— 
The habit of THINKING about dying instead of making the  
most of LIFE, due, generally, to lack of purpose, or lack of a suitable  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   235