  THINK & GROW RICH   
bargaining by force, at the expense of the public. They must earn the right to  
dividends! 
Moreover, and this is the most important thing of all— THEY WILL BE  
LED BY LEADERS WHO WILL UNDERSTAND AND APPLY THE PRINCIPLES  
EMPLOYED BY MAHATMA GANDHI. Only in this way may leaders get from  
their followers the spirit of FULL cooperation which constitutes power in its  
highest and most enduring form.
This stupendous machine age in which we live, and from which we are  
just emerging, has taken the soul out of men. Its leaders have driven men as  
though they were pieces of cold machinery; they were forced to do so by the  
employees who have bargained, at the expense of all concerned, to get and not to  
give. The watchword of the future will be HUMAN HAPPINESS AND  
CONTENTMENT, and when this state of mind shall have been attained, the  
production will take care of itself, more effectively than anything that has ever  
been accomplished where men did not, and could not mix FAITH and individual  
interest with their labor. 
Because of the need for faith and cooperation in operating business and  
industry, it will be both interesting and profitable to analyze an event which  
provides an excellent understanding of the method by which industrialists and  
business men accumulate great fortunes, by giving before they try to get. 
The event chosen for this illustration dates back to 1900, when the United  
States Steel Corporation was being formed. As you read the story, keep in mind  
these fundamental facts and you will understand how IDEAS have been  
converted into huge fortunes.
First, the huge United States Steel Corporation was born in the mind of  
Charles M. Schwab, in the form of an IDEA he created through his  
IMAGINATION! Second, he mixed FAITH with his IDEA. Third, he formulated  
a PLAN for the transformation of his IDEA into physical and financial reality.  
Fourth, he put his plan into action with his famous speech at the University Club.  
Fifth, he applied, and followed-through on his PLAN with PERSISTENCE, and  
backed it with firm DECISION until it had been fully carried out. Sixth, he  
prepared the way for success by a BURNING DESIRE for success.
If you are one of those who have often wondered how great fortunes are  
accumulated, this story of the creation of the United States Steel Corporation will  
be enlightening. If you have any doubt that men can THINK AND GROW RICH,  
this story should dispel that doubt, because you can plainly see in the story of the  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   57