  THINK & GROW RICH   
without intoxication , and thereby it serves to give the refreshment of mind which  
an author must have to do his best work. 
Whoever you are, wherever you may live, whatever occupation you may  
be engaged in, just remember in the future, every time you see the words "Coca-
Cola," that its vast empire of wealth and influence grew out of a single IDEA, and  
that the mysterious ingredient the drug clerk— Asa Candler— mixed with the  
secret formula was. . . IMAGINATION! 
Stop and think of that, for a moment.
Remember, also, that the thirteen steps to riches, described in this book,  
were the media through which the influence of Coca-Cola has been extended to  
every city, town, village, and cross-roads of the world, and that ANY IDEA you  
may create, as sound and meritorious as Coca-Cola, has the possibility of  
duplicating the stupendous record of this world-wide thirst-killer. 
Truly, thoughts are things, and their scope of operation is the world, itself.  
WHAT I WOULD DO IF I HAD A MILLION DOLLARS
This story proves the truth of that old saying, "where there's a will, there's  
a way." It was told to me by that beloved educator and clergyman, the late Frank  
W. Gunsaulus, who began his preaching career in the stockyards region of South  
Chicago.
While Dr. Gunsaulus was going through college, he observed many  
defects in our educational system, defects which he believed he could correct, if  
he were the head of a college. His deepest desire was to become the directing head  
of an educational institution in which young men and women would be taught  
to "learn by doing."
He made up his mind to organize a new college in which he could carry  
out his ideas, without being handicapped by orthodox methods of education. 
He needed a million dollars to put the project across! Where was he to lay  
his hands on so large a sum of money? That was the question that absorbed most  
of this ambitious young preacher's thought. 
But he couldn't seem to make any progress.
Every night he took that thought to bed with him. He got up with it in the  
morning. He took it with him everywhere he went. He turned it over and over in  
his mind until it became a consuming obsession with him. A million dollars is a  
lot of money. He recognized that fact, but he also recognized the truth that the 
only limitation is that which one sets up in one's own mind . 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   92