  THINK & GROW RICH   
The toast they had for breakfast in the food estimate was toasted on  
an electric toaster, which cost but a few dollars, the apartment is cleaned  
with a vacuum sweeper that is run by electricity. Hot &nd cold water is  
available, at all times, in the kitchen and the bathroom. The food is kept  
cool in a refrigerator that is run by electricity. The wife curls her hair,  
washes her clothes and irons them with easily operated electrical  
equipment, on power obtained by sticking a plug in the wall. The husband  
shaves with an electric shaver, and they receive entertainment from all  
over the world, twenty four hours a day, if they want it, without cost, by  
merely turning the dial of their radio.
There are other conveniences in this apartment, but the foregoing  
list will give a fair idea of some of the concrete evidences of the freedom  
we, of America, enjoy. (And this is neither political nor economic  
propaganda).
c. CLOTHING. Anywhere in the United States, the woman of  
average clothing requirements can dress very comfortably and neatly for  
less than $200.00 a year, and the average man can dress for the same, or  
less. 
Only the three basic necessities of food, clothing, and shelter have been  
mentioned. The average American citizen has other privileges and advantages  
available in return for modest effort, not exceeding eight hours per day of labor.  
Among these is the privilege of automobile transportation, with which one can  
go and come at will, at very small cost.
The average American has security of property rights not found in any  
other country in the world. He can place his surplus money in a bank with the  
assurance that his government will protect it, and make good to him if the bank  
fails. If an American citizen wants to travel from one state to another he needs no  
passport, no one's permission. He may go when he pleases, and return at will.  
Moreover, he may travel by train, private automobile, bus, airplane, or ship, as  
his pocketbook permits. In Germany, Russia, Italy, and most of the other  
European and Oriental countries, the people cannot travel with so much  
freedom, and at so little cost. 
THE "MIRACLE" THAT HAS PROVIDED  
THESE BLESSINGS
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   131