  THINK & GROW RICH   
looked upon as being people who will bear watching. Instead of being called  
blessed, they are usually called cursed.
Millions of people, even in this age of enlightenment, have inferiority  
complexes which they developed because of this false belief that a highly sexed  
nature is a curse. These statements, of the virtue of sex energy, should not be  
construed as justification for the libertine. The emotion of sex is a virtue ONLY  
when used intelligently, and with discrimination. It may be misused, and often  
is, to such an extent that it debases, instead of enriches, both body and mind. The  
better use of this power is the burden of this chapter.
It seemed quite significant to the author, when he made the discovery that  
practically every great leader, whom he had the privilege of analyzing, was a  
man whose achievements were largely inspired by a woman. In many instances,  
the "woman in the case" was a modest, self-denying wife, of whom the public  
had heard but little or nothing. In a few instances, the source of inspiration has  
been traced to the "other woman." Perhaps such cases may not be entirely  
unknown to you. 
Intemperance in sex habits is just as detrimental as intemperance in habits  
of drinking and eating. In this age in which we live, an age which began with the  
world war, intemperance in habits of sex is common. This orgy of indulgence  
may account for the shortage of great leaders. No man can avail himself of the  
forces of his creative imagination, while dissipating them. Man is the only  
creature on earth which violates Nature's purpose in this connection. Every other  
animal indulges its sex nature in moderation, and with purpose which  
harmonizes with the laws of nature. Every other animal responds to the call of  
sex only in "season." Man's inclination is to declare "open season."
Every intelligent person knows that stimulation in excess, through  
alcoholic drink and narcotics, is a form of intemperance which destroys the vital  
organs of the body, including the brain. Not every person knows, however, that  
over indulgence in sex expression may become a habit as destructive and as  
detrimental to creative effort as narcotics or liquor.
A sex-mad man is not essentially different than a dope-mad man! Both  
have lost control over their faculties of reason and will-power. Sexual  
overindulgence may not only destroy reason and will-power, but it may also  
lead to either temporary, or permanent insanity. Many cases of hypochondria  
(imaginary illness) grow out of habits developed in ignorance of the true  
function of sex. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   186