  THINK & GROW RICH   
picayune. They might combine to their heart's content but the whole lot of them  
couldn't make a dent in the Carnegie organization, and Morgan knew it.
"The eccentric old Scot knew it, too. From the magnificent heights of Skibo  
Castle he had viewed, first with amusement and then with resentment, the  
attempts of Morgan's smaller companies to cut into his business. When the  
attempts became too bold, Carnegie's temper was translated into anger and  
retaliation. He decided to duplicate every mill owned by his rivals. Hitherto, he  
hadn't been interested in wire, pipe, hoops, or sheet. Instead, he was content to  
sell such companies the raw steel and let them work it into whatever shape they  
wanted. Now, with Schwab as his chief and able lieutenant, he planned to drive  
his enemies to the wall.
"So it was that in the speech of Charles M. Schwab, Morgan saw the  
answer to his problem of combination. A trust without Carnegie—giant of them  
all—would be no trust at all, a plum pudding, as one writer said, without the  
plums. 
"Schwab's speech on the night of December 12, 1900, undoubtedly carried  
the inference, though not the pledge, that the vast Carnegie enterprise could be  
brought under the Morgan tent. He talked of the world future for steel, of  
reorganization for efficiency, of specialization, of the scrapping of unsuccessful  
mills and concentration of effort on the flourishing properties, of economies in  
the ore traffic, of economies in overhead and administrative departments, of  
capturing foreign markets. 
"More than that, he told the buccaneers among them wherein lay the  
errors of their customary piracy. Their purposes, he inferred, bad been to create  
monopolies, raise prices, and pay themselves fat dividends out of privilege.  
Schwab condemned the system in his heartiest manner. The shortsightedness of  
such a policy, he told his hearers, lay in the fact that it restricted the market in an  
era when everything cried for expansion. By cheapening the cost of steel, he  
argued, an ever-expanding market would be created; more uses for steel would  
be devised, and a goodly portion of the world trade could be captured. Actually,  
though he did not know it, Schwab was an apostle of modern mass production. 
"So the dinner at the University Club came to an end. Morgan went home,  
to think about Schwab's rosy predictions. Schwab went back to Pittsburgh to run  
the steel business for 'Wee Andra Carnegie,' while Gary and the rest went back to  
their stock tickers, to fiddle around in anticipation of the next move.
"It was not long coming. It took Morgan about one week to digest the feast  
of reason Schwab had placed before him. When he had assured himself that no  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   60