  THINK & GROW RICH   
Through the combination of energy and matter, has been created  
everything perceptible to man, from the largest star which floats in the heavens,  
down to, and including man, himself. 
You are now engaged in the task of trying to profit by Nature's method.  
You are (sincerely and earnestly, we hope), trying to adapt yourself to Nature's  
laws, by endeavoring to convert DESIRE into its physical or monetary  
equivalent. 
YOU CAN DO IT! IT HAS BEEN DONE BEFORE! 
You can build a fortune through the aid of laws which are immutable. But,  
first, you must become familiar with these laws, and learn to USE them. Through  
repetition, and by approaching the description of these principles from every  
conceivable angle, the author hopes to reveal to you the secret through which  
every great fortune has been accumulated. Strange and paradoxical as it may  
seem, the "secret" is NOT A SECRET. Nature, herself, advertises it in the earth on  
which we live, the stars, the planets suspended within our view, in the elements  
above and around us, in every blade of grass, and every form of life within our  
vision.
Nature advertises this "secret" in the terms of biology, in the conversion of  
a tiny cell, so small that it may be lost on the point of a pin, into the HUMAN  
BEING now reading this line. The conversion of desire into its physical  
equivalent is, certainly, no more miraculous! 
Do not become discouraged if you do not fully comprehend all that has  
been stated. Unless you have long been a student of the mind, it is not to be  
expected that you will assimilate all that is in this chapter upon a first reading. 
But you will, in time, make good progress.
The principles which follow will open the way for understanding of  
imagination. Assimilate that which you understand, as you read this philosophy  
for the first time, then, when you reread and study it, you will discover that  
something has happened to clarify it, and give you a broader understanding of  
the whole. Above all, DO NOT STOP, nor hesitate in your study of these  
principles until you have read the book at least THREE times, for 95 96 then, you  
will not want to stop. 
HOW TO MAKE PRACTICAL USE OF IMAGINATION
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes. Ideas are products of the  
imagination. Let us examine a few well known ideas which have yielded huge  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   89