  THINK & GROW RICH   
4. APPLICATION THROUGH PERSONAL ACQUAINTANCES. When  
possible, the applicant should endeavor to approach prospective employers  
through some mutual acquaintance. This method of approach is particularly  
advantageous in the case of those who seek executive connections and do not  
wish to appear to be "peddling" themselves. 
5. APPLICATION IN PERSON. In some instances, it may be more  
effective if the applicant offers personally, his services to prospective employers,  
in which event a complete written statement of qualifications for the position  
should be presented, for the reason that prospective employers often wish to  
discuss with associates, one's record. 
INFORMATION TO BE SUPPLIED IN A WRITTEN "BRIEF"
This brief should be prepared as carefully as a lawyer would prepare the  
brief of a case to be tried m court. Unless the applicant is experienced in the  
preparation of such briefs, an expert should be consulted, and his services  
enlisted for this purpose. Successful merchants employ men and women who  
understand the art and the psychology of advertising to present the merits of  
their merchandise. One who has personal services for sale should do the same.  
The following information should appear in the brief: 
1. Education. State briefly, but definitely, what schooling you have had,  
and in what subjects you specialized in school, giving the reasons for that  
specialization. 
2. Experience. If you have had experience in connection with positions  
similar to the one you seek, describe it fully, state names and addresses of former  
employers. Be sure to bring out clearly any special experience you may have had  
which would equip you to fill the position you seek.
3. References. Practically every business firm desires to know all about the  
previous records, antecedents, etc., of prospective employees who seek positions  
of responsibility. Attach to your brief photostatic copies of letters from: 
a. Former employers 
b. Teachers under whom you studied
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   111