  THINK & GROW RICH   
our minds; and INFLUENCES us, in natural ways, to transmute our thoughts  
into their physical equivalent.
If the poet had told us of this great truth, we would know WHY IT IS that  
we are the Masters of our Fate, the Captains of our Souls. He should have told  
us, with great emphasis, that this power makes no attempt to discriminate  
between destructive thoughts and constructive thoughts, that it will urge us to  
translate into physical reality thoughts of poverty, just as quickly as it will  
influence us to act upon thoughts of riches. 
He should have told us, too, that our brains become magnetized with the  
dominating thoughts which we hold in our minds, and, by means with which no  
man is familiar, these "magnets" attract to us the forces, the people, the  
circumstances of life which harmonize with the nature of our dominating 
thoughts. 
He should have told us, that before we can accumulate riches in great  
abundance, we must magnetize our minds with intense DESIRE for riches, that  
we must become "money conscious until the DESIRE for money drives us to  
create definite plans for acquiring it.
But, being a poet, and not a philosopher, Henley contented himself by  
stating a great truth in poetic form, leaving those who followed him to interpret  
the philosophical meaning of his lines.
Little by little, the truth has unfolded itself, until it now appears certain  
that the principles described in this book, hold the secret of mastery over our  
economic fate. 
We are now ready to examine the first of these principles. Maintain a  
spirit of open-mindedness, and remember as you read, they are the invention of  
no one man. The principles were gathered from the life experiences of more than  
500 men who actually accumulated riches in huge amounts; men who began in  
poverty, with but little education, without influence. The principles worked for  
these men. You can put them to work for your own enduring benefit. 
You will find it easy, not hard, to do.
Before you read the next chapter, I want you to know that it conveys  
factual information which might easily change your entire financial destiny, as it  
has so definitely brought changes of stupendous proportions to two people  
described. 
I want you to know, also, that the relationship between these two men and  
myself, is such that I could have taken no liberties with the facts, even if I had  
wished to do so. One of them has been my closest personal friend for almost  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   26