  THINK & GROW RICH   
These four steps are essential for success in all walks of life. The entire  
purpose of the thirteen principles of this philosophy is to enable one to take these  
four steps as a matter of habit. 
These are the steps by which one may control one's economic destiny. 
They are the steps that lead to freedom and independence of thought. 
They are the steps that lead to riches, in small or great quantities.
They lead the way to power, fame, and worldly recognition. 
They are the four steps which guarantee favorable "breaks."
They are the steps that convert dreams into physical realities.
They lead, also, to the mastery of FEAR, DISCOURAGEMENT,  
INDIFFERENCE. 
There is a magnificent reward for all who learn to take these four steps. It  
is the privilege of writing one's own ticket, and of making Life yield whatever  
price is asked.
I have no way of knowing the facts, but I venture to conjecture that Mrs.  
Wallis Simpson's great love for a man was not accidental, nor the result of  
favorable "breaks" alone. There was a burning desire, and careful searching at  
every step of the way. Her first duty was to love. What is the greatest thing on  
earth? The Master called it love—not man made rules, criticism, bitterness,  
slander, or political "marriages," but love. 
She knew what she wanted, not after she met the Prince of Wales, but long  
before that. Twice when she had failed to find it, she had the courage to continue  
her search. "To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day,  
thou canst not then be false to any man." 
Her rise from obscurity was of the slow, progressive, PERSISTENT order,  
but it was SURE! She triumphed over unbelievably long odds; and, no matter  
who you are, or what you may think of Wallis Simpson, or the king who gave up  
his Crown for her love, she is an astounding example of applied PERSISTENCE,  
an instructor on the rules of self-determination, from whom the entire world  
might profitably take lessons. 
When you think of Wallis Simpson, think of one who knew what she  
wanted, and shook the greatest empire on earth to get it. Women who complain  
that this is a man's world, that women do not have an equal chance to win, owe it  
to themselves to study carefully the life of this unusual woman, who, at an age  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   161