  THINK & GROW RICH   
Virginia, whose relationship to Lord Dunmore, (representative of the Crown in  
Virginia), was as strained as that of Hancock and Adams with their Governor. 
Shortly after his famous Summary of Rights was published, Jefferson was  
informed that he was subject to prosecution for high treason against his majesty's  
government. Inspired by the threat, one of Jefferson's colleagues, Patrick Henry,  
boldly spoke his mind, concluding his remarks with a sentence which shall  
remain forever a classic, "If this be treason, then make the most of it."
It was such men as these who, without power, without authority, without  
military strength, without money, sat in solemn consideration of the destiny of  
the colonies, beginning at the opening of the First Continental Congress, and  
continuing at intervals for two years— until on June 7, 1776, Richard Henry Lee  
arose, addressed the Chair, and to the startled Assembly made this motion: 
"Gentlemen, I make the motion that these United Colonies are, and of  
right ought to be free and independent states, that they be absolved from all  
allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them  
and the state of Great Britain is, and ought to be totally dissolved." 
Lee's astounding motion was discussed fervently, and at such length that  
he began to lose patience. Finally, after days of argument, he again took the floor,  
and declared, in a clear, firm voice, "Mr. President, we have discussed this issue  
for days. It is the only course for us to follow. Why, then Sir, do we longer delay?  
Why still deliberate? Let this happy day give birth to an American Republic. Let  
her arise, not to devastate and to conquer, but to re-establish the reign of peace,  
and of law. The eyes of Europe are fixed upon us. She demands of us a living  
example of freedom, that may exhibit a contrast, in the felicity of the citizen, to  
the ever increasing tyranny." 
Before his motion was finally voted upon, Lee was called back to Virginia,  
because of serious family illness, but before leaving, he placed his cause in the  
hands of his friend, Thomas Jefferson, who promised to fight until favorable  
action was taken. Shortly thereafter the President of the Congress (Hancock),  
appointed Jefferson as Chairman of a Committee to draw up a Declaration of  
Independence. 
Long and hard the Committee labored, on a document which would  
mean, when accepted by the Congress, that EVERY MAN WHO SIGNED IT,  
WOULD BE SIGNING HIS OWN DEATH WARRANT, should the Colonies lose  
in the fight with Great Britain, which was sure to follow. 
The document was drawn, and on June 28, the original draft was read  
before the Congress. For several days it was discussed, altered, and made ready.  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   147