  THINK & GROW RICH   
WHAT DO YOU WANT MOST?
Is It Money, Fame, Power,
Contentment, Personality,
Peace of Mind, Happiness?
The Thirteen Steps to Riches described in this book offer the shortest  
dependable philosophy of individual achievement ever presented for the benefit  
of the man or woman who is searching for a definite goal in life.
Before beginning the book you will profit greatly if you recognize the fact  
that the book was not written to entertain . You cannot digest the contents properly  
in a week or a month. 
After reading the book thoroughly, Dr. Miller Reese Hutchison, nationally  
known Consulting Engineer and long-time associate of Thomas A. Edison, said—  
"This is not a novel. It is a textbook on individual achievement that came directly  
from the experiences of hundreds of America's most successful men. It should be  
studied, digested, and meditated upon. No more than one chapter should be read  
in a single night. The reader should underline the sentences which impress him  
most. Later, he should go back to these marked lines and read them again. A real 
student will not merely read this book , he will absorb its contents and make them his  
own. This book should be adopted by all high schools and no boy or girl should  
be permitted to graduate without having satisfactorily passed an examination on  
it. This philosophy will not take the place of the subjects taught in schools, but it  
will enable one to organize and apply  the knowledge acquired, and convert it into  
useful service and adequate compensation without waste of time.
Dr. John R. Turner, Dean of the College of The City of New York, after  
having read the book, said— "The very best example of the soundness of this  
philosophy is your own son, Blair, whose dramatic story you have outlined in  
the chapter on Desire."
Dr. Turner had reference to the author's son, who, born without normal  
hearing capacity, not only avoided becoming a deaf mute, but actually converted  
his handicap into a priceless asset by applying the philosophy here described.  
After reading the story (starting on page 52), you will realize that you are about  
to come into possession of a philosophy which can be transmuted into material  
wealth, or serve as readily to bring you peace of mind, understanding, spiritual  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   4