  THINK & GROW RICH   
Only to learn, dismayed, 
That any wage I had asked of Life, 
Life would have willingly paid."
DESIRE OUTWITS MOTHER NATURE
As a fitting climax to this chapter, I wish to introduce one of the most  
unusual persons I have ever known. I first saw him twenty-four years ago, a few  
minutes after he was born. He came into the world without any physical sign of  
ears, and the doctor admitted, when pressed for an opinion, that the child might  
be deaf, and mute for life. 
I challenged the doctor's opinion. I had the right to do so, I was the child's  
father. I, too, reached a decision, and rendered an opinion, but I expressed the  
opinion silently, in the secrecy of my own heart. I decided that my son would  
hear and speak. Nature could send me a child without ears, but Nature could not 
induce me to accept  the reality of the affliction. 
In my own mind I knew that my son would hear and speak. How? I was  
sure there must be a way, and I knew I would find it. I thought of the words of  
the immortal Emerson, "The whole course of things goes to teach us faith. We  
need only obey.
There is guidance for each of us, and by lowly listening, we shall hear the 
right word."
The right word? DESIRE! More than anything else, I DESIRED that my  
son should not be a deaf mute. From that desire I never receded, not for a second.
Many years previously, I had written, "Our only limitations are those we  
set up in our own minds." For the first time, I wondered if that statement were  
true. Lying on the bed in front of me was a newly born child, without the natural  
equipment of hearing. Even though he might hear and speak, he was obviously  
disfigured for life. Surely, this was a limitation which that child had not set up in  
his own mind.
What could I do about it? Somehow I would find a way to transplant into  
that child's mind my own BURNING DESIRE for ways and means of conveying  
sound to his brain without the aid of ears.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   38