  THINK & GROW RICH   
employer and his employee are EMPLOYED BY THE PUBLIC THEY SERVE. If  
they fail to serve well, they pay by the loss of their privilege of serving. 
We can all remember the time when the gas-meter reader pounded on the  
door hard enough to break the panels. When the door was opened, he pushed his  
way in, uninvited, with a scowl on his face which plainly said, "what-the-hell-
did-you-keep-me-waiting- for?" All that has undergone a change. The meter-man  
now conducts himself as a gentleman who is "delighted-to-be-at-your-service-  
sir." Before the gas companies learned that their scowling meter-men were  
accumulating liabilities never to be cleared away, the polite salesmen of oil  
burners came along and did a land office business.
During the depression, I spent several months in the anthracite coal region  
of Pennsylvania, studying conditions which all but destroyed the coal industry.  
Among several very significant discoveries, was the fact that greed on the part of  
operators and their employees was the chief cause of the loss of business for the  
operators, and loss of jobs for the miners.
Through the pressure of a group of overzealous labor leaders,  
representing the employees, and the greed for profits on the part of the  
operators, the anthracite business suddenly dwindled. The coal operators and  
their employees drove sharp bargains with one another, adding the cost of the  
"bargaining" to the price of the coal, until, finally, they discovered they had  
BUILT UP A WONDERFUL BUSINESS FOR THE MANUFACTURERS OF OIL  
BURNING OUTFITS AND THE PRODUCERS OF CRUDE OIL. 
"The wages of sin is death!" Many have read this in the Bible, but few have  
discovered its meaning. Now, and for several years, the entire world has been  
listening BY FORCE, to a sermon which might well be called "WHATSOEVER A  
MAN SOWETH, THAT SHALL HE ALSO REAP." 
Nothing as widespread and effective as the depression could possibly be  
"just a coincidence." Behind the depression was a CAUSE. Nothing ever happens  
without a CAUSE. In the main, the cause of the depression is traceable directly to  
the worldwide habit of trying to REAP without SOWING. 
This should not be mistaken to mean that the depression represents a crop  
which the world is being FORCED to reap without having SOWN. The trouble is  
that the world sowed the wrong sort of seed . Any farmer knows he cannot sow the  
seed of thistles, and reap a harvest of grain. Beginning at the outbreak of the  
world war, the people of the world began to sow the seed of service inadequate  
in both quality and quantity. Nearly everyone was engaged in the pastime of  
trying to GET WITHOUT GIVING.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   117