  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 3
FAITH
VISUALIZATION OF, AND  
BELIEF IN ATTAINMENT OF  
DESIRE
The Second Step toward Riches
FAITH is the head chemist of the mind. When FAITH is blended with the  
vibration of thought, the subconscious mind instantly picks up the vibration,  
translates it into its spiritual equivalent, and transmits it to Infinite Intelligence,  
as in the case of prayer.
The emotions of FAITH, LOVE, and SEX are the most powerful of all the  
major positive emotions. When the three are blended, they have the effect of  
"coloring" the vibration of thought in such a way that it instantly reaches the  
subconscious mind, where it is changed into its spiritual equivalent, the only  
form that induces a response from Infinite Intelligence. 
Love and faith are psychic; related to the spiritual side of man. Sex is  
purely biological, and related only to the physical. The mixing, or blending, of  
these three emotions has the effect of opening a direct line of communication  
between the finite, thinking mind of man, and Infinite Intelligence. 
How To Develop Faith
There comes, now, a statement which will give a better understanding of  
the importance the principle of auto-suggestion assumes in the transmutation of  
desire into its physical, or monetary equivalent; namely: FAITH is a state of mind  
which may be induced, or created, by affirmation or repeated instructions to the  
subconscious mind, through the principle of auto-suggestion.
As an illustration, consider the purpose for which you are, presumably,  
reading this book. The object is, naturally, to acquire the ability to transmute the  
intangible thought impulse of DESIRE into its physical counterpart, money. By  
following the instructions laid down in the chapters on auto-suggestion, and the  
subconscious mind, as summarized in the chapter on auto-suggestion, you may  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   47