  THINK & GROW RICH   
through some idea, plan, or purpose which may spring into your mind as you  
read.
One sound idea is all that one needs to achieve success. The principles  
described in this book, contain the best, and the most practical of all that is  
known, concerning ways and means of creating useful ideas.
Before we go any further in our approach to the description of these  
principles, we believe you are entitled to receive this important suggestion….  
WHEN RICHES BEGIN TO COME THEY COME SO QUICKLY, IN SUCH  
GREAT ABUNDANCE, THAT ONE WONDERS WHERE THEY HAVE BEEN  
HIDING DURING ALL THOSE LEAN YEARS. This is an astounding statement,  
and all the more so, when we take into consideration the popular belief, that  
riches come only to those who work hard and long. 
When you begin to THINK AND GROW RICH, you will observe that  
riches begin with a state of mind, with definiteness of purpose, with little or no  
hard work. You, and every other person, ought to be interested in knowing how  
to acquire that state of mind which will attract riches. I spent twenty-five years in  
research, analyzing more than 25,000 people, because I, too, wanted to know  
"how wealthy men become that way. 
Without that research, this book could not have been written. 
Here take notice of a very significant truth, viz:
The business depression started in 1929, and continued on to an all time  
record of destruction, until sometime after President Roosevelt entered office.  
Then the depression began to fade into nothingness. Just as an electrician in a  
theatre raises the lights so gradually that darkness is transmuted into light before  
you realize it, so did the spell of fear in the minds of the people gradually fade  
away and become faith.
Observe very closely, as soon as you master the principles of this  
philosophy, and begin to follow the instructions for applying those principles,  
your financial status will begin to improve, and everything you touch will begin  
to transmute itself into an asset for your benefit. Impossible? Not at all! 
One of the main weaknesses of mankind is the average man's familiarity  
with the word "impossible." He knows all the rules which will NOT work. He  
knows all the things which CANNOT be done. This book was written for those  
who seek the rules which have made others successful, and are willing to stake 
everything on those rules.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   23