  THINK & GROW RICH   
In union there is strength! The citizens of the Colonies had been waging  
disorganized warfare against the British soldiers, through incidents similar to the  
Boston riot, but nothing of benefit had been accomplished. Their individual  
grievances had not been consolidated under one Master Mind. No group of  
individuals had put their hearts, minds, souls, and bodies together in one  
definite DECISION to settle their difficulty with the British once and for all, until  
Adams, Hancock, and Lee got together. 
Meanwhile, the British were not idle. They, too, were doing some  
PLANNING and "Master-Minding" on their own account, with the advantage of  
having back of them money, and organized soldiery. 
The Crown appointed Gage to supplant Hutchinson as the Governor of  
Massachusetts. One of the new Governor's first acts was to send a messenger to  
call on Samuel Adams, for the purpose of endeavoring to stop his opposition—  
by FEAR. 
We can best understand the spirit of what happened by quoting the  
conversation between Col. Fenton, (the messenger sent by Gage), and Adams. 
Col. Fenton: "I have been authorized by Governor Gage, to assure you,  
Mr. Adams, that the Governor has been empowered to confer upon you such  
benefits as would be satisfactory, [endeavor to win Adams by promise of bribes],  
upon the condition that you engage to cease in your opposition to the measures  
of the government. It is the Governor's advice to you, Sir, not to incur the further  
displeasure of his majesty. Your conduct has been such as makes you liable to  
penalties of an Mt of Henry VIII, by which persons can be sent to England for  
trial for treason, or misprision of treason, at the discretion of a governor of a  
province. But, BY CHANGING YOUR POLITICAL COURSE, you will not only  
receive great personal advantages, but you will make your peace with the King." 
Samuel Adams had the choice of two DECISIONS. He could cease his  
opposition, and receive personal bribes, or he could CONTINUE, AND RUN  
THE RISK OF BEING HANGED!
Clearly, the time had come when Adams was forced to reach instantly, a 
DECISION which could have cost his life. The majority of men would have  
found it difficult to reach such a decision. The majority would have sent back an  
evasive reply, but not Adams! He insisted upon Col. Fenton's word of honor, that  
the Colonel would deliver to the Governor the answer exactly as Adams would  
give it to him. 
Adams' answer, "Then you may tell Governor Gage that I trust I have long  
since made my peace with the King of Kings. No personal consideration shall  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   145