  THINK & GROW RICH   
"The thirty-eight-year-old Schwab had his reward. He was made president  
of the new corporation and remained in control until 1930." 
The dramatic story of "Big Business" which you have just finished, was  
included in this book, because it is a perfect illustration of the method by which  
DESIRE CAN BE TRANSMUTED INTO ITS PHYSICAL EQUIVALENT!
I imagine some readers will question the statement that a mere, intangible  
DESIRE can be converted into its physical equivalent. Doubtless some will say,  
"You cannot convert NOTHING into SOMETHING!" The answer is in the story  
of United States Steel. 
That giant organization was created in the mind of one man. The plan by  
which the organization was provided with the steel mills that gave it financial  
stability was created in the mind of the same man. His FAITH, his DESIRE, his  
IMAGINATION, his PERSISTENCE were the real ingredients that went into  
United States Steel. The steel mills and mechanical equipment acquired by the  
corporation, AFTER IT HAD BEEN BROUGHT INTO LEGAL EXISTENCE, were  
incidental, but careful analysis will disclose the fact that the appraised value of  
the properties acquired by the corporation increased in value by an estimated  
SIX HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS, by the mere transaction which  
consolidated them under one management. 
In other words, Charles M. Schwab's IDEA, plus the FAITH with which he  
conveyed it to the minds of J. P. Morgan and the others, was marketed for a  
profit of approximately $600,000,000. Not an insignificant sum for a single IDEA! 
What happened to some of the men who took their share of the millions of  
dollars of profit made by this transaction, is a matter with which we are not now  
concerned. The important feature of the astounding achievement is that it serves  
as unquestionable evidence of the soundness of the philosophy described in this  
book, because this philosophy was the warp and the woof of the entire  
transaction. Moreover, the practicability of the philosophy has been established  
by the fact that the United States Steel Corporation prospered, and became one of  
the richest and most powerful corporations in America, employing thousands of  
people, developing new uses for steel, and opening new markets; thus proving  
that the $600,000,000 in profit which the Schwab IDEA produced was earned.
RICHES begin in the form of THOUGHT! 
The amount is limited only by the person in whose mind the THOUGHT  
is put into motion. FAITH removes limitations! Remember this when you are  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   63