  THINK & GROW RICH   
The emotion of ROMANCE 
The emotion of HOPE
There are other positive emotions, but these are the seven most powerful,  
and the ones most commonly used in creative effort. Master these seven  
emotions (they can be mastered only by USE), and the other positive emotions  
will be at your command when you need them. Remember, in this connection,  
that you are studying a book which is intended to help you develop a "money  
consciousness" by  filling your mind with positive emotions . One does not become  
money conscious by filling one's mind with negative emotions. 
THE SEVEN MAJOR NEGATIVE EMOTIONS (To  
be avoided) 
The emotion of FEAR 
The emotion of JEALOUSY 
The emotion of HATRED
The emotion of REVENGE 
The emotion of GREED 
The emotion of SUPERSTITION
The emotion of ANGER
Positive and negative emotions cannot occupy the mind at the same time . One or 
the other must dominate. It is your responsibility to make sure that positive  
emotions constitute the dominating influence of your mind. Here the law of  
HABIT will come to your aid. Form the habit of applying and using the positive  
emotions! Eventually, they will dominate your mind so completely, that the  
negatives cannot enter it.
Only by following these instructions literally, and continuously, can you  
gain control over your subconscious mind. The presence of a single negative in  
your conscious mind is sufficient to destroy all chances of constructive aid from  
your subconscious mind. 
If you are an observing person, you must have noticed that most people  
resort to prayer ONLY after everything else has FAILED! Or else they pray by a  
ritual of meaningless words. And, because it is a fact that most people who pray,  
do so ONLY AFTER EVERYTHING ELSE HAS FAILED, they go to prayer with  
their minds filled with FEAR and DOUBT, which are the emotions the subconscious  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   198