  THINK & GROW RICH   
THE DEVIL'S WORKSHOP
THE SEVENTH BASIC EVIL
In addition to the Six Basic Fears, there is another evil by which people  
suffer. It constitutes a rich soil in which the seeds of failure grow abundantly. It is  
so subtle that its presence often is not detected. This affliction cannot properly be  
classed as a fear. IT IS MORE DEEPLY SEATED AND MORE OFTEN FATAL  
THAN ALL OF THE SIX FEARS. For want of a better name, let us call this evil  
SUSCEPTIBILITY TO NEGATIVE INFLUENCES.
Men who accumulate great riches always protect themselves against this  
evil! The poverty stricken never do! Those who succeed in any calling must  
prepare their minds to resist the evil. If you are reading this philosophy for the  
purpose of accumulating riches, you should examine yourself very carefully, to  
determine whether you are susceptible to negative influences. If you neglect this  
self-analysis, you will forfeit your right to attain the object of your desires. 
Make the analysis searching. After you read the questions prepared for  
this self-analysis, hold yourself to a strict accounting in your answers. Go at the  
task as carefully as you would search for any other enemy you knew to be  
awaiting you in ambush and deal with your own faults as you would with a  
more tangible enemy.
You can easily protect yourself against highway robbers, because the law  
provides organized cooperation for your benefit, but the "seventh basic evil" is  
more difficult to master, because it strikes when you are not aware of its  
presence, when you are asleep, and while you are awake. Moreover, its weapon  
is intangible, because it consists of merely— a STATE OF MIND. This evil is also  
dangerous because it strikes in as many different forms as there are human  
experiences. Sometimes it enters the mind through the well-meant words of one's  
own relatives. At other times, it bores from within, through one's own mental  
attitude. Always it is as deadly as poison, even though it may not kill as quickly.
How TO PROTECT YOURSELF AGAINST NEGATIVE  
INFLUENCES
To protect yourself against negative influences, whether of your own  
making, or the result of the activities of negative people around you, recognize  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   239