  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 5
SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE
PERSONAL EXPERIENCES OR  
OBSERVATIONS
The Fourth Step toward Riches
THERE are two kinds of knowledge. One is general, the other is  
specialized. General knowledge, no matter how great in quantity or variety it  
may be, is of but little use in the accumulation of money. The faculties of the  
great universities possess, in the aggregate, practically every form of general  
knowledge known to civilization. Most of the professors have but little or no money . 
They specialize on teaching knowledge, but they do not specialize on the  
organization, or the use of knowledge.
KNOWLEDGE will not attract money, unless it is organized, and  
intelligently directed, through practical PLANS OF ACTION, to the DEFINITE  
END of accumulation of money. Lack of understanding of this fact has been the  
source of confusion to millions of people who falsely believe that "knowledge is  
power." It is nothing of the sort! Knowledge is only potential power. It becomes  
power only when, and if, it is organized into definite plans of action, and  
directed to a definite end. 
This "missing link" in all systems of education known to civilization today,  
may be found in the failure of educational institutions to teach their students  
HOW TO ORGANIZE AND USE KNOWLEDGE AFTER THEY ACQUIRE IT. 
Many people make the mistake of assuming that, because Henry Ford had  
but little "schooling," he is not a man of "education." Those who make this  
mistake do not know Henry Ford, nor do they understand the real meaning of  
the word "educate." That word is derived from the Latin word "educo," meaning  
to educe, to draw out, to DEVELOP FROM WITHIN. 
An educated man is not, necessarily, one who has an abundance of  
general or specialized knowledge. An educated man is one who has so  
developed the faculties of his mind that he may acquire anything he wants, or its  
equivalent, without violating the rights of others. Henry Ford comes well within  
the meaning of this definition.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   73