  THINK & GROW RICH   
This line of procedure may take a few days or weeks of extra time, but the  
difference in income, in advancement, and in gaining recognition will save years  
of hard work at small pay. It has many advantages, the main one being that it  
will often save from one to five years of time in reaching a chosen goal.
Every person who starts, or "gets in" half way up the ladder, does so by  
deliberate and careful planning, (excepting, of course, the Boss' son). 
THE NEW WAY OF MARKETING SERVICES "JOBS"  
ARE NOW "PARTNERSHIPS"
Men and women who market their services to best advantage in the  
future, must recognize the stupendous change which has taken place in  
connection with the relationship between employer and employee. 
In the future, the "Golden Rule," and not the "Rule of Gold" will be the  
dominating factor in the marketing of merchandise as well as personal services.  
The future relationship between employers and their employees will be more in  
the nature of a partnership consisting of:
a. The employer
b. The employee
c. The public they serve
This new way of marketing personal services is called new for many  
reasons, first, both the employer and the employee of the future will be  
considered as fellow-employees whose business it will be to SERVE THE  
PUBLIC EFFICIENTLY. In times past, employers, and employees have bartered  
among themselves, driving the best bargains they could with one another, not  
considering that in the final analysis they were, in reality, BARGAINING AT  
THE EXPENSE OF THE THIRD PARTY, THE PUBLIC THEY SERVED. 
The depression served as a mighty protest from an injured public, whose  
rights had been trampled upon in every direction by those who were clamoring  
for individual advantages and profits. When the debris of the depression shall  
have been cleared away, and business shall have been once again restored to  
balance, both employers and employees will recognize that they are NO  
LONGER PRIVILEGED TO DRIVE BARGAINS AT THE EXPENSE OF THOSE  
WHOM THEY SERVE. The real employer of the future will be the public. This  
should be kept uppermost in mind by every person seeking to market personal  
services effectively.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   115