  THINK & GROW RICH   
The emotion of love brings out, and develops, the artistic and the aesthetic  
nature of man. It leaves its impress upon one's very soul, even after the fire has  
been subdued by time and circumstance. 
Memories of love never pass. They linger, guide, and influence long after  
the source of stimulation has faded. There is nothing new in this. Every person,  
who has been moved by GENUINE LOVE, knows that it leaves enduring traces  
upon the human heart. The effect of love endures, because love is spiritual in  
nature. The man who cannot be stimulated to great heights of achievement by  
love, is hopeless—he is dead, though he may seem to live. 
Even the memories of love are sufficient to lift one to a higher plane of  
creative effort. The major force of love may spend itself and pass away, like a fire  
which has burned itself out, but it leaves behind indelible marks as evidence that  
it passed that way. Its departure often prepares the human heart for a still greater  
love.
Go back into your yesterdays, at times, and bathe your mind in the  
beautiful memories of past love. It will soften the influence of the present worries  
and annoyances. It will give you a source of escape from the unpleasant realities  
of life, and maybe—who knows?—your mind will yield to you, during this  
temporary retreat into the world of fantasy, ideas, or plans which may change  
the entire financial or spiritual status of your life. 
If you believe yourself unfortunate, because you have "loved and lost,"  
perish the thought. One who has loved truly, can never lose entirely. Love is  
whimsical and temperamental. Its nature is ephemeral, and transitory. It comes  
when it pleases, and goes away without warning. Accept and enjoy it while it  
remains, but spend no time worrying about its departure. Worry will never bring  
it back. 
Dismiss, also, the thought that love never comes but once. Love may come  
and go, times without number, but there are no two love experiences which  
affect one in just the same way. There may be, and there usually is, one love  
experience which leaves a deeper imprint on the heart than all the others, but all  
love experiences are beneficial, except to the person who becomes resentful and  
cynical when love makes its departure. 
There should be no disappointment over love, and there would be none if  
people understood the difference between the emotions of love and sex. The  
major difference is that love is spiritual, while sex is biological. No experience,  
which touches the human heart with a spiritual force, can possibly be harmful,  
except through ignorance, or jealousy. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   190