  THINK & GROW RICH   
AUTHOR'S PREFACE
IN EVERY chapter of this book, mention has been made of the money-
making secret which has made fortunes for more than five hundred exceedingly  
wealthy men whom I have carefully analyzed over a long period of years. 
The secret was brought to my attention by Andrew Carnegie, more than a  
quarter of a century ago. The canny, lovable old Scotsman carelessly tossed it  
into my mind, when I was but a boy. Then he sat back in his chair, with a merry  
twinkle in his eyes, and watched carefully to see if I had brains enough to  
understand the full significance of what he had said to me. 
When he saw that I had grasped the idea, he asked if I would be willing to  
spend twenty years or more, preparing myself to take it to the world, to men and  
women who, without the secret, might go through life as failures. I said I would,  
and with Mr. Carnegie's cooperation, I have kept my promise. 
This book contains the secret, after having been put to a practical test by  
thousands of people, in almost every walk of life. It was Mr. Carnegie's idea that  
the magic formula, which gave him a stupendous fortune, ought to be placed  
within reach of people who do not have time to investigate how men make  
money, and it was his hope that I might test and demonstrate the soundness of  
the formula through the experience of men and women in every calling. He  
believed the formula should be taught in all public schools and colleges, and  
expressed the opinion that if it were properly taught it would so revolutionize  
the entire educational system that the time spent in school could be reduced to  
less than half. 
His experience with Charles M. Schwab, and other young men of Mr.  
Schwab's type, convinced Mr. Carnegie that much of that which is taught in the  
schools is of no value whatsoever in connection with the business of earning a  
living or accumulating riches. He had arrived at this decision, because he had  
taken into his business one young man after another, many of them with but  
little schooling, and by coaching them in the use of this formula, developed in  
them rare leadership. Moreover , his coaching made fortunes for everyone of them who  
followed his instructions . 
In the chapter on Faith, you will read the astounding story of the  
organization of the giant United States Steel Corporation, as it was conceived and  
carried out by one of the young men through whom Mr. Carnegie proved that  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   10