  THINK & GROW RICH   
The vibrations of fear pass from one mind to another just as quickly and as  
surely as the sound of the human voice passes from the broadcasting station to  
the receiving set of a radio—and BY THE SELF-SAME MEDIUM. 
Mental telepathy is a reality . Thoughts pass from one mind to another,  
voluntarily, whether or not this fact is recognized by either the person releasing  
the thoughts, or the persons who pick up those thoughts. 
The person who gives expression, by word of mouth, to negative or  
destructive thoughts is practically certain to experience the results of those words  
in the form of a destructive "kick-back." The release of destructive thought  
impulses, alone, without the aid of words, produces also a "kickback" in more  
ways than one. First of all, and perhaps most important to be remembered, the  
person who releases thoughts of a destructive nature, must suffer damage  
through the breaking down of the faculty of creative imagination. Secondly, the  
presence in the mind of any destructive emotion develops a negative personality  
which repels people, and often converts them into antagonists. The third source  
of damage to the person who entertains or releases negative thoughts, lies in this  
significant fact— these thought-impulses are not only damaging to others, but  
they IMBED THEMSELVES IN THE SUBCONSCIOUS MIND OF THE PERSON  
RELEASING THEM, and there become a part of his character.
One is never through with a thought, merely by releasing it. When a  
thought is released, it spreads in every direction, through the medium of the  
ether, but it also plants itself permanently in the subconscious mind of the person 
releasing it. 
Your business in life is, presumably to achieve success. To be successful,  
you must find peace of mind, acquire the material needs of life, and above all,  
attain HAPPINESS. All of these evidences of success begin in the form of thought  
impulses. 
You may control your own mind, you have the power to feed it whatever  
thought impulses you choose. With this privilege goes also the responsibility of  
using it constructively. You are the master of your own earthly destiny just as  
surely as you have the power to control your own thoughts. You may influence,  
direct, and eventually control your own environment, making your life what you  
want it to be— or, you may neglect to exercise the privilege which is yours, to  
make your life to order, thus casting yourself upon the broad sea of  
"Circumstance" where you will be tossed hither and yon, like a chip on the waves  
of the ocean.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   238