  THINK & GROW RICH   
(d) Maintain PERFECT HARMONY between yourself and every member  
of your "Master Mind" group. If you fail to carry out this instruction to the letter,  
you may expect to meet with failure. The "Master Mind" principle cannot obtain  
where PERFECT HARMONY does not prevail.
Keep in mind these facts:— 
First. You are engaged in an undertaking of major importance to you. To be sure  
of success, you must have plans which are faultless.
Second. You must have the advantage of the experience, education, native ability  
and imagination of other minds. This is in harmony with the methods followed  
by every person who has accumulated a great fortune. 
No individual has sufficient experience, education, native ability, and  
knowledge to insure the accumulation of a great fortune, without the  
cooperation of other people. Every plan you adopt, in your endeavor to  
accumulate wealth, should be the joint creation of yourself and every other  
member of your "Master Mind" group. You may originate your own plans, either  
in whole or in part, but SEE THAT THOSE PLANS ARE CHECKED, AND  
APPROVED BY THE MEMBERS OF YOUR "MASTER MIND" ALLIANCE. 
If the first plan which you adopt does not work successfully, replace it  
with a new plan, if this new plan fails to work, replace it, in turn with still  
another, and so on, until you find a plan which DOES WORK. Right here is the  
point at which the majority of men meet with failure, because of their lack of  
PERSISTENCE in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
The most intelligent man living cannot succeed in accumulating money—  
nor in any other undertaking— without plans which are practical and workable.  
Just keep this fact in mind, and remember when your plans fail, that temporary  
defeat is not permanent failure. It may only mean that your plans have not been  
sound. Build other plans. Start all over again.
Thomas A. Edison "failed" ten thousand times before he perfected the  
incandescent electric light bulb. That is— he met with temporary defeat ten 
thousand times, before his efforts were crowned with success.
Temporary defeat should mean only one thing, the certain knowledge that  
there is something wrong with your plan. Millions of men go through life in  
misery and poverty, because they lack a sound plan through which to  
accumulate a fortune.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   101