  THINK & GROW RICH   
An uncle of R. U. Darby was caught by the "gold fever" in the gold-rush  
days, and went west to DIG AND GROW RICH. He had never heard that more 
gold has been mined from the brains of men than has ever been taken from the earth . He 
staked a claim and went to work with pick and shovel. The going was hard, but  
his lust for gold was definite.
After weeks of labor, he was rewarded by the discovery of the shining ore.  
He needed machinery to bring the ore to the surface. Quietly, he covered up the  
mine, retraced his footsteps to his home in Williamsburg, Maryland, told his  
relatives and a few neighbors of the "strike." They got together money for the  
needed machinery, had it shipped. The uncle and Darby went back to work the  
mine. 
The first car of ore was mined, and shipped to a smelter. The returns  
proved they had one of the richest mines in Colorado! A few more cars of that  
ore would clear the debts. Then would come the big killing in profits. 
Down went the drills! Up went the hopes of Darby and Uncle! Then  
something happened! The vein of gold ore disappeared! They had come to the  
end of the rainbow, and the pot of gold was no longer there! They drilled on,  
desperately trying to pick up the vein again— all to no avail. 
Finally, they decided to QUIT. 
They sold the machinery to a junk man for a few hundred dollars, and  
took the train back home. Some "junk" men are dumb, but not this one! He called  
in a mining engineer to look at the mine and do a little calculating. The engineer  
advised that the project had failed, because the owners were not familiar with  
"fault lines." His calculations showed that the vein would be found JUST THREE  
FEET FROM WHERE THE DARBYS HAD STOPPED DRILLING! That is exactly  
where it was found!
The "Junk" man took millions of dollars in ore from the mine, because he  
knew enough to seek expert counsel before giving up. 
Most of the money which went into the machinery was procured through  
the efforts of R. U. Darby, who was then a very young man. The money came  
from his relatives and neighbors, because of their faith in him. He paid back  
every dollar of it, although he was years in doing so. 
Long afterward, Mr. Darby recouped his loss many times over, when he 
made the discovery  that DESIRE can be transmuted into gold. The discovery came  
after he went into the business of selling life insurance.
Remembering that he lost a huge fortune, because he STOPPED three feet  
from gold, Darby profited by the experience in his chosen work, by the simple  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   19