  THINK & GROW RICH   
love which he experienced after he met Anne Rutledge, a statement of the  
highest significance, in connection with the study of the source of genius. 
The pages of history are filled with the records of great leaders whose  
achievements may be traced directly to the influence of women who aroused the  
creative faculties of their minds, through the stimulation of sex desire. Napoleon  
Bonaparte was one of these. When inspired by his first wife, Josephine, he was  
irresistible and invincible. When his "better judgment" or reasoning faculty  
prompted him to put Josephine aside, he began to decline. His defeat and St.  
Helena were not far distant.
If good taste would permit, we might easily mention scores of men, well  
known to the American people, who climbed to great heights of achievement  
under the stimulating influence of their wives, only to drop back to destruction  
AFTER money and power went to their heads, and they put aside the old wife  
for a new one. Napoleon was not the only man to discover that sex influence,  
from the right source, is more powerful than any substitute of expediency, which  
may be created by mere reason. 
The human mind responds to stimulation! 
Among the greatest, and most powerful of these stimuli is the urge of sex.  
When harnessed and transmuted, this driving force is capable of lifting men into  
that higher sphere of thought which enables them to master the sources of worry  
and petty annoyance which beset their pathway on the lower plane. 
Unfortunately, only the genii have made the discovery. Others have  
accepted the experience of sex urge, without discovering one of its major  
potentialities— a fact which accounts for the great number of "others" as  
compared to the limited number of genii. 
For the purpose of refreshing the memory, in connection with the facts  
available from the biographies of certain men, we here present the names of a  
few men of outstanding achievement, each of whom was known to have been of  
a highly sexed nature. The genius which was their's, undoubtedly found its  
source of power in transmuted sex energy:
GEORGE WASHINGTON
NAPOLEON BONAPARTE
WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE 
ABRAHAM LINCOLN
RALPH WALDO EMERSON
ROBERT BURNS
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   181