  THINK & GROW RICH   
But let it be remembered that many such men have destroyed themselves  
in the end. Nature has prepared her own potions with which men may safely  
stimulate their minds so they vibrate on a plane that enables them to tune in to  
fine and rare thoughts which come from— no man knows where! No satisfactory  
substitute for Nature's stimulants has ever been found. 
It is a fact well known to psychologists that there is a very close  
relationship between sex desires and spiritual urges— a fact which accounts for  
the peculiar behavior of people who participate in the orgies known as religious  
"revivals," common among the primitive types. 
The world is ruled, and the destiny of civilization is established, by the  
human emotions. People are influenced in their actions, not by reason so much as  
by "feelings." The creative faculty of the mind is set into action entirely by  
emotions, and not by cold reason. The most powerful of all human emotions is that  
of sex. There are other mind stimulants, some of which have been listed, but no  
one of them, nor all of them combined, can equal the driving power of sex.
A mind stimulant is any influence which will either temporarily, or  
permanently, increase the vibrations of thought. The ten major stimulants,  
described, are those most commonly resorted to. Through these sources one may  
commune with Infinite Intelligence, or enter, at will, the storehouse of the  
subconscious mind, either one's own, or that of another person, a procedure  
which is all there is of genius .
A teacher, who has trained and directed the efforts of more than 30,000  
sales people, made the astounding discovery that highly sexed men are the most  
efficient salesmen. The explanation is, that the factor of personality known as  
"personal magnetism" is nothing more nor less than sex energy. Highly sexed  
people always have a plentiful supply of magnetism. Through cultivation and  
understanding, this vital force may be drawn upon and used to great advantage  
in the relationships between people. This energy may be communicated to others  
through the following media: 
1.The hand-shake. The touch of the hand indicates, instantly, the presence of  
magnetism, or the lack of it.
2.The tone of voice. Magnetism, or sex energy, is the factor with which the  
voice may be colored, or made musical and charming.
3.Posture and carriage of the body. Highly sexed people move briskly, and  
with grace and ease.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   184