  THINK & GROW RICH   
thousand failures, he stood by that dream until he made it a physical reality.  
Practical dreamers DO NOT QUIT! 
Whelan dreamed of a chain of cigar stores, transformed his dream into  
action, and now the United Cigar Stores occupy the best corners in America. 
Lincoln dreamed of freedom for the black slaves, put his dream into  
action, and barely missed living to see a united North and South translate his  
dream into reality. 
The Wright brothers dreamed of a machine that would fly through the air.  
Now one may see evidence all over the world, that they dreamed soundly.
Marconi dreamed of a system for harnessing the intangible forces of the  
ether. Evidence that he did not dream in vain, may be found in every wireless  
and radio in the world. Moreover, Marconi's dream brought the humblest cabin,  
and the most stately manor house side by side. It made the people of every  
nation on earth back-door neighbors. It gave the President of the United States a  
medium by which he may talk to all the people of America at one time, and on  
short notice. It may interest you to know that Marconi's "friends" had him taken  
into custody, and examined in a psychopathic hospital, when he announced he  
had discovered a principle through which he could send messages through the  
air, without the aid of wires, or other direct physical means of communication.  
The dreamers of today fare better. 
The world has become accustomed to new discoveries. Nay, it has shown  
a willingness to reward the dreamer who gives the world a new idea. 
"The greatest achievement was, at first, and for a time, but a dream." 
"The oak sleeps in the acorn. The bird waits in the egg, and in the highest  
vision of the soul, a waking angel stirs. DREAMS ARE THE SEEDLINGS OF  
REALITY." 
Awake, arise, and assert yourself, you dreamers of the world. Your star is  
now in the ascendency. The world depression brought the opportunity you have  
been waiting for. It taught people humility, tolerance, and open-mindedness.
The world is filled with an abundance of OPPORTUNITY which the  
dreamers of the past never knew.
A BURNING DESIRE TO BE, AND TO DO is the starting point from  
which the dreamer must take off. Dreams are not born of indifference, laziness,  
or lack of ambition.
The world no longer scoffs at the dreamer, nor calls him impractical. If  
you think it does, take a trip to Tennessee, and witness what a dreamer President  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   35