  THINK & GROW RICH   
Verily, a BURNING DESIRE has devious ways of transmuting itself into  
its physical equivalent. Blair DESIRED normal hearing; now he has it! He was  
born with a handicap which might easily have sent one with a less defined  
DESIRE to the street with a bundle of pencils and a tin cup. That handicap now  
promises to serve as the medium by which he will render useful service to many  
millions of hard of hearing, also, to give him useful employment at adequate  
financial compensation the remainder of his life. 
The little "white lies" I planted in his mind when he was a child, by  
leading him to BELIEVE his affliction would become a great asset, which he  
could capitalize, has justified itself. Verily, there is nothing, right or wrong,  
which BELIEF, plus BURNING DESIRE, cannot make real. These qualities are  
free to everyone.
In all my experience in dealing with men and women who had personal  
problems, I never handled a single case which more definitely demonstrates the  
power of DESIRE. Authors sometimes make the mistake of writing of subjects of  
which they have but superficial, or very elementary knowledge. It has been my  
good fortune to have had the privilege of testing the soundness of the POWER  
OF DESIRE, through the affliction of my own son. Perhaps it was providential  
that the experience came as it did, for surely no one is better prepared than he, to  
serve as an example of what happens when DESIRE is put to the test. If Mother 
Nature bends to the will of desire, is it logical that mere men can defeat a burning desire?
Strange and imponderable is the power of the human mind! We do not  
understand the method by which it uses every circumstance, every individual,  
every physical thing within its reach, as a means of transmuting DESIRE into its  
physical counterpart. Perhaps science will uncover this secret.
I planted in my son's mind the DESIRE to hear and to speak as any normal  
person hears and speaks. That DESIRE has now become a reality. I planted in his  
mind the DESIRE to convert his greatest handicap into his greatest asset. That  
DESIRE has been realized. The modus operandi by which this astounding result  
was achieved is not hard to describe. It consisted of three very definite facts; first,  
I MIXED FAITH with the DESIRE for normal hearing, which I passed on to my  
son. Second, I communicated my desire to him in every conceivable way  
available, through persistent, continuous effort, over a period of years. Third, HE  
BELIEVED ME! 
As this chapter was being completed, news came of the death of Mme.  
Schuman-Heink. One short paragraph in the news dispatch gives the clue to this  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   44