  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 4
AUTO-SUGGESTION
THE MEDIUM FOR INFLUENCING THE SUBCONSCIOUS MIND
The Third Step toward Riches
AUTO-SUGGESTION is a term which applies to all suggestions and all  
self-administered stimuli which reach one's mind through the five senses. Stated  
in another way, auto-suggestion is self-suggestion. It is the agency of  
communication between that part of the mind where conscious thought takes  
place, and that which serves as the seat of action for the subconscious mind. 
Through the dominating thoughts which one permits to remain in the 
conscious mind, (whether these thoughts be negative or positive, is immaterial),  
the principle of auto-suggestion voluntarily reaches the subconscious mind and  
influences it with these thoughts. 
NO THOUGHT, whether it be negative or positive, CAN ENTER THE  
SUBCONSCIOUS MIND WITHOUT THE AID OF THE PRINCIPLE OF AUTO-
SUGGESTION, with the exception of thoughts picked up from the ether. Stated  
differently, all sense impressions which are perceived through the five senses, are  
stopped by the CONSCIOUS thinking mind, and may be either passed on to the  
subconscious mind, or rejected, at will. The conscious faculty serves, therefore, as  
an outer-guard to the approach of the subconscious.
Nature has so built man that he has ABSOLUTE CONTROL over the  
material which reaches his subconscious mind, through his five senses, although  
this is not meant to be construed as a statement that man always EXERCISES this  
control. In the great majority of instances, he does NOT exercise it, which  
explains why so many people go through life in poverty.
Recall what has been said about the subconscious mind resembling a  
fertile garden spot, in which weeds will grow in abundance, if the seeds of more  
desirable crops are not sown therein. AUTO-SUGGESTION is the agency of  
control through which an individual may voluntarily feed his subconscious mind  
on thoughts of a creative nature, or, by neglect, permit thoughts of a destructive  
nature to find their way into this rich garden of the mind. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   66