  THINK & GROW RICH   
financial, business, professional, or social destiny just as surely as do the thought  
impulses which one creates by intent and design.
We are here laying the foundation for the presentation of a fact of great  
importance to the person who does not understand why some people appear to  
be "lucky" while others of equal or greater ability, training, experience, and brain  
capacity, seem destined to ride with misfortune. This fact may be explained by  
the statement that every human being has the ability to completely control his own  
mind, and with this control, obviously, every person may open his mind to the  
tramp thought impulses which are being released by other brains, or close the  
doors tightly and admit only thought impulses of his own choice. 
Nature has endowed man with absolute control over but one thing, and  
that is THOUGHT. This fact, coupled with the additional fact that everything  
which man creates, begins in the form of a thought, leads one very near to the  
principle by which FEAR may be mastered.
If it is true that ALL THOUGHT HAS A TENDENCY TO CLOTHE  
ITSELF IN ITS PHYSICAL EQUIVALENT (and this is true, beyond any  
reasonable room for doubt), it is equally true that thought impulses of fear and  
poverty cannot be translated into terms of courage and financial gain.
The people of America began to think of poverty, following the Wall  
Street crash of 1929. Slowly, but surely that mass thought was crystalized into its  
physical equivalent, which was known as a "depression." This had to happen, it  
is in conformity with the laws of Nature. 
THE FEAR OF POVERTY
There can be no compromise between POVERTY and RICHES! The two  
roads that lead to poverty and riches travel in opposite directions. If you want  
riches, you must refuse to accept any circumstance that leads toward poverty.  
(The word "riches" is here used in its broadest sense, meaning financial, spiritual,  
mental and material estates). The starting point of the path that leads to riches is  
DESIRE. In chapter one, you received full instructions for the proper use of  
DESIRE. In this chapter, on FEAR, you have complete instructions for preparing  
your mind to make practical use of DESIRE. 
Here, then, is the place to give yourself a challenge which will definitely  
determine how much of this philosophy you have absorbed. Here is the point at  
which you can turn prophet and foretell, accurately, what the future holds in  
store for you. If, after reading this chapter, you are willing to accept poverty, you  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   220