  THINK & GROW RICH   
For the same reason the manufacturers of automobiles (with a few rare  
and very sensible exceptions) change styles of models every season. No man  
wants to drive an automobile which is not of the latest style, although the older  
model may actually be the better car. 
We have been describing the manner in which people behave under the  
influence of fear of criticism as applied to the small and petty things of life. Let us  
now examine human behavior when this fear affects people in connection with  
the more important events of human relationship. Take for example practically  
any person who has reached the age of "mental maturity" (from 35 to 40 years of  
age, as a general average), and if you could read the secret thoughts of his mind,  
you would find a very decided disbelief in most of the fables taught by the  
majority of the dogmatists and theologians a few decades back. 
Not often, however, will you find a person who has the courage to openly  
state his belief on this subject. Most people will, if pressed far enough, tell a lie  
rather than admit that they do not believe the stories associated with that form of  
religion which held people in bondage prior to the age of scientific discovery and  
education. 
Why does the average person, even in this day of enlightenment, shy  
away from denying his belief in the fables which were the basis of most of the  
religions a few decades ago? The answer is, "because of the fear of criticism."  
Men and women have been burned at the stake for daring to express disbelief in  
ghosts. It is no wonder we have inherited a consciousness which makes us fear  
criticism. The time was, and not so far in the past, when criticism carried severe  
punishments—it still does in some countries.
The fear of criticism robs man of his initiative, destroys his power of  
imagination, limits his individuality, takes away his self-reliance, and does him  
damage in a hundred other ways. Parents often do their children irreparable  
injury by criticising them. The mother of one of my boyhood chums used to  
punish him with a switch almost daily, always completing the job with the  
statement, "You'll land in the penitentiary before you are twenty." He was sent to  
a Reformatory at the age of seventeen. 
Criticism is the one form of service, of which everyone has too much.  
Everyone has a stock of it which is handed out, gratis, whether called for or not.  
One's nearest relatives often are the worst offenders. It should be recognized as a  
crime (in reality it is a crime of the worst nature), for any parent to build  
inferiority complexes in the mind of a child, through unnecessary criticism.  
Employers who understand human nature, get the best there is in men, not by  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   227