  THINK & GROW RICH   
by sixteen and two-thirds, as it is reasonable to estimate that your annual income  
represents six percent of your capital value. Money rents for 6% per annum.  
Money is worth no more than brains. It is often worth much less.
Competent "brains," if effectively marketed, represent a much more  
desirable form of capital than that which is required to conduct a business  
dealing in commodities, because "brains" are a form of capital which cannot be  
permanently depreciated through depressions, nor can this form of capital be  
stolen or spent. Moreover, the money which is essential for the conduct of  
business is as worthless as a sand dune, until it has been mixed with efficient  
"brains." 
THE THIRTY MAJOR CAUSES OF FAILURE 
HOW MANY OF THESE ARE HOLDING YOU BACK?
Life's greatest tragedy consists of men and women who earnestly try, and  
fail! The tragedy lies in the overwhelmingly large majority of people who fail, as  
compared to the few who succeed. 
I have had the privilege of analyzing several thousand men and women,  
98% of whom were classed as "failures." There is something radically wrong with  
a civilization, and a system of education, which permit 98% of the people to go  
through life as failures. But I did not write this book for the purpose of  
moralizing on the rights and wrongs of the world; that would require a book a  
hundred times the size of this one. 
My analysis work proved that there are thirty major reasons for failure,  
and thirteen major principles through which people accumulate fortunes. In this  
chapter, a description of the thirty major causes of failure will be given. As you  
go over the list, check yourself by it, point by point, for the purpose of  
discovering how many of these causes-of-failure stand between you and success. 
1. UNFAVORABLE HEREDITARY BACKGROUND. There  
is but little, if anything, which can be done for people who are born  
with a deficiency in brain power. This philosophy offers but one  
method of bridging this weakness— through the aid of the Master  
Mind. Observe with profit, however, that this is the ONLY one of  
the thirty causes of failure which may not be easily corrected by any 
individual. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   120