  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 1
INTRODUCTION
THE MAN WHO "THOUGHT"  
HIS WAY INTO PARTNERSHIP  
WITH THOMAS A. EDISON
TRULY, "thoughts are things," and powerful things at that, when they are  
mixed with definiteness of purpose, persistence, and a BURNING DESIRE for  
their translation into riches, or other material objects.
A little more than thirty years ago, Edwin C. Barnes discovered how true  
it is that men really do THINK AND GROW RICH. His discovery did not come  
about at one sitting. It came little by little, beginning with a BURNING DESIRE  
to become a business associate of the great Edison. 
One of the chief characteristics of Barnes' Desire was that it was definite. 
He wanted to work with Edison, not for him. Observe, carefully, the description  
of how he went about translating his DESIRE into reality, and you will have a  
better understanding of the thirteen principles which lead to riches. 
When this DESIRE, or impulse of thought, first flashed into his mind he  
was in no position to act upon it. Two difficulties stood in his way. He did not  
know Mr. Edison, and he did not have enough money to pay his railroad fare to  
Orange, New Jersey.
These difficulties were sufficient to have discouraged the majority of men  
from making any attempt to carry out the desire. But his was no ordinary desire!  
He was so determined to find a way to carry out his desire that he finally  
decided to travel by "blind baggage," rather than be defeated. (To the uninitiated,  
this means that he went to East Orange on a freight train). 
He presented himself at Mr. Edison's laboratory, and announced he had  
come to go into business with the inventor. In speaking of the first meeting  
between Barnes and Edison, years later, Mr. Edison said, "He stood there before  
me, looking like an ordinary tramp, but there was something in the expression of his  
face which conveyed the impression that he was determined to get what he had come after . 
I had learned, from years of experience with men, that when a man really  
DESIRES a thing so deeply that he is willing to stake his entire future on a single  
turn of the wheel in order to get it, he is sure to win. I gave him the opportunity  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   16