  THINK & GROW RICH   
matter, a chemist may create a deadly poison by mixing certain elements, none of  
which are— in themselves— harmful in the right proportions. The emotions  
may, likewise, be combined so as to create a deadly poison. The emotions of sex  
and jealousy, when mixed, may turn a person into an insane beast. 
The presence of any one or more of the destructive emotions in the human  
mind, through the chemistry of the mind, sets up a poison which may destroy  
one's sense of justice and fairness. In extreme cases, the presence of any  
combination of these emotions in the mind may destroy one's reason. 
The road to genius consists of the development, control, and use of sex,  
love, and romance. Briefly, the process may be stated as follows: 
Encourage the presence of these emotions as the dominating thoughts in  
one's mind, and discourage the presence of all the destructive emotions. The  
mind is a creature of habit. It thrives upon the dominating thoughts fed it. 
Through the faculty of will-power, one may discourage the presence of any  
emotion, and encourage the presence of any other. Control of the mind, through  
the power of will, is not difficult. Control comes from persistence, and habit. The  
secret of control lies in understanding the process of transmutation. When any  
negative emotion presents itself in one's mind, it can be transmuted into a  
positive, or constructive emotion, by the simple procedure of changing one's  
thoughts.
THERE IS NO OTHER ROAD TO GENIUS THAN THROUGH  
VOLUNTARY SELF EFFORT! A man may attain to great heights of financial or  
business achievement, solely by the driving force of sex energy, but history is  
filled with evidence that he may, and usually does, carry with him certain traits  
of character which rob him of the ability to either hold, or enjoy his fortune. This  
is worthy of analysis, thought, and meditation, for it states a truth, the  
knowledge of which may be helpful to women as well as men. Ignorance of this  
has cost thousands of people their privilege of HAPPINESS, even though they  
possessed riches. 
The emotions of love and sex leave their unmistakable marks upon the  
features. Moreover, these signs are so visible, that all who wish may read them.  
The man who is driven by the storm of passion, based upon sex desires alone,  
plainly advertises that fact to the entire world, by the expression of his eyes, and  
the lines of his face. The emotion of love, when mixed with the emotion of sex,  
softens, modifies, and beautifies the facial expression. No character analyst is  
needed to tell you this—you may observe it for yourself. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   189