  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 14
THE SIXTH SENSE
THE DOOR TO THE TEMPLE OF WISDOM
The Thirteenth Step toward Riches
THE "thirteenth" principle is known as the SIXTH SENSE, through which  
Infinite Intelligence may, and will communicate voluntarily, without any effort  
from, or demands by, the individual. 
This principle is the apex of the philosophy. It can be assimilated,  
understood, and applied ONLY by first mastering the other twelve principles.
The SIXTH SENSE is that portion of the subconscious mind which has  
been referred to as the Creative Imagination. It has also been referred to as the  
"receiving set" through which ideas, plans, and thoughts flash into the mind. The  
"flashes" are sometimes called "hunches" or "inspirations." 
The sixth sense defies description! It cannot be described to a person who  
has not mastered the other principles of this philosophy, because such a person  
has no knowledge, and no experience with which the sixth sense may be  
compared. Understanding of the sixth sense comes only by meditation through  
mind development from within. The sixth sense probably is the medium of  
contact between the finite mind of man and Infinite Intelligence, and for this  
reason, it is a mixture of both the mental and the spiritual . It is believed to be the  
point at which the mind of man contacts the Universal Mind. 
After you have mastered the principles described in this book, you will be  
prepared to accept as truth a statement which may, otherwise, be incredible to  
you, namely: 
Through the aid of the sixth sense, you will be warned of impending  
dangers in time to avoid them, and notified of opportunities in time to embrace  
them. 
There comes to your aid, and to do your bidding, with the development of  
the sixth sense, a "guardian angel" who will open to you at all times the door to  
the Temple of Wisdom.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   208