  THINK & GROW RICH   
practically as well as any person with normal hearing. "God moves in mysterious  
ways, His wonders to perform."
Overjoyed because of the Changed World which had been brought to him  
through his hearing device, he rushed to the telephone, called his mother, and  
heard her voice perfectly. The next day he plainly heard the voices of his  
professors in class, for the first time in his life! Previously he could hear them  
only when they shouted, at short range. He heard the radio. He heard the talking 
pictures. For the first time in his life, he could converse freely with other people,  
without the necessity of their having to speak loudly. Truly, he had come into  
possession of a Changed World. We had refused to accept Nature's error, and, by  
PERSISTENT DESIRE, we had induced Nature to correct that error, through the  
only practical means available. 
DESIRE had commenced to pay dividends, but the victory was not yet  
complete. The boy still had to find a definite and practical way to convert his  
handicap into an equivalent asset. 
Hardly realizing the significance of what had already been accomplished,  
but intoxicated with the joy of his newly discovered world of sound, he wrote a  
letter to the manufacturer of the hearing-aid, enthusiastically describing his  
experience. Something in his letter; something, perhaps which was not written  
on the lines, but back of them; caused the company to invite him to New York.  
When be arrived, he was escorted through the factory, and while talking with the  
Chief Engineer, telling him about his changed world, a hunch, an idea, or an  
inspiration— call it what you wish— flashed into his mind. It was this impulse of 
thought which converted his affliction into an asset, destined to pay dividends in  
both money and happiness to thousands for all time to come. 
The sum and substance of that impulse of thought was this: It occurred to  
him that he might be of help to the millions of deafened people who go through  
life without the benefit of hearing devices, if he could find a way to tell them the  
story of his Changed World. Then and there, he reached a decision to devote the  
remainder of his life to rendering useful service to the hard of hearing.
For an entire month, he carried on an intensive research, during which he  
analyzed the entire marketing system of the manufacturer of the hearing device,  
and created ways and means of communicating with the hard of hearing all over  
the world for the purpose of sharing with them his newly discovered "Changed  
World." When this was done, he put in writing a two-year plan, based upon his  
findings. When he presented the plan to the company, he was instantly given a  
position, for the purpose of carrying out his ambition. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   42