  THINK & GROW RICH   
Nearly every railroad in America is in financial difficulty. Who does not  
remember the day when, if a citizen enquired at the ticket office, the time of  
departure of a train, he was abruptly referred to the bulletin board instead of  
being politely given the information? 
The street car companies have experienced a "change of times" also. There  
was a time not so very long ago when street car conductors took pride in giving  
argument to passengers. Many of the street car tracks have been removed and  
passengers ride on a bus, whose driver is "the last word in politeness." 
All over the country street car tracks are rusting from abandonment, or  
have been taken up. Whereever street cars are still in operation, passengers may  
now ride without argument, and one may even hail the car in the middle of the  
block, and the motorman will OBLIGINGLY pick him up. 
HOW TIMES HAVE CHANGED! That is just the point I am trying to  
emphasize. TIMES HAVE CHANGED! Moreover, the change is reflected not  
merely in railroad offices and on street cars, but in other walks of life as well. The  
"public-be-damned" policy is now passé. It has been supplanted by the "we-are-
obligingly-at-your-service, sir," policy. 
The bankers have learned a thing or two during this rapid change which  
has taken place during the past few years. Impoliteness on the part of a bank  
official, or bank employee today is as rare as it was conspicuous a dozen years  
ago. In the years past, some bankers (not all of them, of course), carried an  
atmosphere of austerity which gave every would-be borrower a chill when he  
even thought of approaching his banker for a loan. 
The thousands of bank failures during the depression had the effect of  
removing the mahogany doors behind which bankers formerly barricaded  
themselves. They now sit at desks in the open, where they may be seen and  
approached at will by any depositor, or by anyone who wishes to see them, and  
the whole atmosphere of the bank is one of courtesy and understanding. 
It used to be customary for customers to have to stand and wait at the  
corner grocery until the clerks were through passing the time of day with friends,  
and the proprietor had finished making up his bank deposit, before being waited  
upon. Chain stores, managed by COURTEOUS MEN who do everything in the  
way of service, short of shining the customer's shoes, have PUSHED THE OLD-
TIME MERCHANTS INTO THE BACKGROUND. TIME MARCHES ON! 
"Courtesy" and "Service" are the watch-words of merchandising today,  
and apply to the person who is marketing personal services even more directly  
than to the employer whom he serves, because, in the final analysis, both the  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   116