  THINK & GROW RICH   
After that, I began to add new members to my Cabinet, until now it  
consists of more than fifty, among them Christ, St. Paul, Galileo, Copernicus,  
Aristotle, Plato, Socrates, Homer, Voltaire, Bruno, Spinoza, Drummond, Kant,  
Schopenhauer, Newton, Confucius, Elbert Hubbard, Brann, Ingersol, Wilson, and  
William James. 
This is the first time that I have had the courage to mention this.  
Heretofore, I have remained quiet on the subject, because I knew, from my own  
attitude in connection with such matters, that I would be misunderstood if I  
described my unusual experience. I have been emboldened now to reduce my  
experience to the printed page, because I am now less concerned about what  
"they say" than I was in the years that have passed. One of the blessings of  
maturity is that it sometimes brings one greater courage to be truthful, regardless  
of what those who do not understand, may think or say.
Lest I be misunderstood, I wish here to state most emphatically, that I still  
regard my Cabinet meetings as being purely imaginary, but I feel entitled to  
suggest that, while the members of my Cabinet may be purely fictional, and the  
meetings existent only in my own imagination, they have led me into glorious  
paths of adventure, rekindled an appreciation of true greatness, encouraged  
creative endeavor, and emboldened the expression of honest thought. 
Somewhere in the cell-structure of the brain, is located an organ which  
receives vibrations of thought ordinarily called "hunches." So far, science has not  
discovered where this organ of the sixth sense is located, but this is not  
important. The fact remains that human beings do receive accurate knowledge,  
through sources other than the physical senses. Such knowledge, generally, is  
received when the mind is under the influence of extraordinary stimulation. Any  
emergency which arouses the emotions, and causes the heart to beat more  
rapidly than normal may, and generally does, bring the sixth sense into action.  
Anyone who has experienced a near accident while driving, knows that on such  
occasions, the sixth sense often comes to one's rescue, and aids, by split seconds,  
in avoiding the accident. 
These facts are mentioned preliminary to a statement of fact which I shall  
now make, namely, that during my meetings with the "Invisible Counselors" I  
find my mind most receptive to ideas, thoughts, and knowledge which reach me  
through the sixth sense. I can truthfully say that I owe entirely to my "Invisible  
Counselors" full credit for such ideas, facts, or knowledge as I received through  
"inspiration." 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   214