  THINK & GROW RICH   
c. Prominent people whose judgement may be relied upon. 
4. Photograph of self. Attach to your brief a recent, unmounted photograph  
of yourself. 
5. Apply for a specific position . Avoid application for a position without  
describing EXACTLY what particular position you seek. Never apply for "just a  
position." That indicates you lack specialized qualifications. 
6. State your qualifications  for the particular position for which you apply.  
Give full details as to the reason you believe you are qualified for the particular  
position you seek. This is THE APPLICATION. It will determine, more than  
anything else, what consideration you receive.
7. Offer to go to work on probation . In the majority of instances if you are  
determined to have the position for which you apply, it will be most effective if  
you offer to work for a week, or a month, or for a sufficient length of time to  
enable your prospective employer to judge your value WITHOUT PAY. This  
may appear to be a radical suggestion, but experience has proved that it seldom  
fails to win at least a trial. If you are SURE OF YOUR QUALIFICATIONS, a trial  
is all you need. Incidentally, such an offer indicates that you have confidence in  
your ability to fill the position you seek. It is most convincing. If your offer is  
accepted, and you make good, more than likely you will be paid for your  
"probation" period. Make clear the fact that your offer is based upon: 
a. Your confidence in your ability to fill the position.
b. Your confidence in your prospective employer's decision  
to employ you after trial.
c. Your DETERMINATION to have the position you seek. 
8. Knowledge of your prospective employer's business . Before applying for a  
position, do sufficient research in connection with the business to familiarize  
yourself thoroughly with that business, and indicate in your brief the knowledge  
you have acquired in this field. This will be impressive, as it will indicate that  
you have imagination, and a real interest in the position you seek.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   112