  THINK & GROW RICH   
4.The vibrations of thought. Highly sexed people mix the emotion of sex  
with their thoughts, or may do so at will, and in that way, may influence those  
around them.
5.Body adornment. People who are highly sexed are usually very careful  
about their personal appearance. They usually select clothing of a style becoming  
to their personality, physique, complexion, etc. 
When employing salesmen, the more capable sales manager looks for the  
quality of personal magnetism as the first requirement of a salesman. People who  
lack sex energy will never become enthusiastic nor inspire others with  
enthusiasm, and enthusiasm is one of the most important requisites in  
salesmanship, no matter what one is selling. 
The public speaker, orator, preacher, lawyer, or salesman who is lacking  
in sex energy is a "flop," as far as being able to influence others is concerned.  
Couple with this the fact, that most people can be influenced only through an  
appeal to their emotions, and you will understand the importance of sex energy  
as a part of the salesman's native ability. Master salesmen attain the status of  
mastery in selling, because they, either consciously, or unconsciously, transmute 
the energy of sex into SALES ENTHUSIASM! In this statement may be found a  
very practical suggestion as to the actual meaning of sex transmutation.
The salesman who knows how to take his mind off the subject of sex, and  
direct it in sales effort with as much enthusiasm and determination as he would  
apply to its original purpose, has acquired the art of sex transmutation, whether  
he knows it or not. The majority of salesmen who transmute their sex energy do  
so without being in the least aware of what they are doing, or how they are doing  
it. 
Transmutation of sex energy calls for more will power than the average  
person cares to use for this purpose. Those who find it difficult to summon will-
power sufficient for transmutation, may gradually acquire this ability. Though  
this requires will-power, the reward for the practice is more than worth the  
effort. 
The entire subject of sex is one with which the majority of people appear  
to be unpardonably ignorant. The urge of sex has been grossly misunderstood,  
slandered, and burlesqued by the ignorant and the evil minded, for so long that  
the very word sex is seldom used in polite society. Men and women who are  
known to be blessed— yes, BLESSED—with highly sexed natures, are usually  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   185