  THINK & GROW RICH   
worthless. Infinite Intelligence does no business by proxy. You either go direct,  
or you do not communicate. 
You may buy prayer books and repeat them until the day of your doom,  
without avail. Thoughts which you wish to communicate to Infinite Intelligence,  
must undergo transformation, such as can be given only through your own  
subconscious mind.
The method by which you may communicate with Infinite Intelligence is  
very similar to that through which the vibration of sound is communicated by  
radio. If you understand the working principle of radio, you of course, know that  
sound cannot be communicated through the ether until it has been "stepped up,"  
or changed into a rate of vibration which the human ear cannot detect. The radio  
sending station picks up the sound of the human voice, and "scrambles," or  
modifies it by stepping up the vibration millions of times. Only in this way, can  
the vibration of sound be communicated through the ether. After this  
transformation has taken place, the ether "picks up" the energy (which originally  
was in the form of vibrations of sound), carries that energy to radio receiving  
stations, and these receiving sets "step" that energy back down to its original rate  
of vibration so it is recognized as sound.
The subconscious mind is the intermediary, which translates one's prayers  
into terms which Infinite Intelligence can recognize, presents the message, and  
brings back the answer in the form of a definite plan or idea for procuring the  
object of the prayer. Understand this principle, and you will know why mere  
words read from a prayer book cannot, and will never serve as an agency of  
communication between the mind of man and Infinite Intelligence. 
Before your prayer will reach Infinite Intelligence (a statement of the  
author's theory only), it probably is transformed from its original thought  
vibration into terms of spiritual vibration. Faith is the only known agency which  
will give your thoughts a spiritual nature. FAITH and FEAR make poor  
bedfellows. Where one is found, the other cannot exist. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   200