  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 13
THE BRAIN
A BROADCASTING AND RECEIVING STATION FOR THOUGHT
The Twelfth Step toward Riches
MORE than twenty years ago, the author, working in conjunction with the  
late Dr. Alexander Graham Bell, and Dr. Elmer R. Gates, observed that every  
human brain is both a broadcasting and receiving station for the vibration of  
thought. 
Through the medium of the ether, in a fashion similar to that employed by  
the radio broadcasting principle, every human brain is capable of picking up  
vibrations of thought which are being released by other brains. 
In connection with the statement in the preceding paragraph, compare,  
and consider the description of the Creative Imagination, as outlined in the  
chapter on Imagination. The Creative Imagination is the "receiving set" of the  
brain, which receives thoughts, released by the brains of others. It is the agency  
of communication between one's conscious, or reasoning mind, and the four  
sources from which one may receive thought stimuli. 
When stimulated, or "stepped up" to a high rate of vibration, the mind  
becomes more receptive to the vibration of thought which reaches it through the  
ether from outside sources. This "stepping up" process takes place through the  
positive emotions, or the negative emotions. Through the emotions, the  
vibrations of thought may be increased.
Vibrations of an exceedingly high rate are the only vibrations picked up  
and carried, by the ether, from one brain to another. Thought is energy travelling  
at an exceedingly high rate of vibration. Thought, which has been modified or  
"stepped up" by any of the major emotions, vibrates at a much higher rate than  
ordinary thought, and it is this type of thought which passes from one brain to  
another, through the broadcasting machinery of the human brain. 
The emotion of sex stands at the head of the list of human emotions, as far  
as intensity and driving force are concerned. The brain which has been  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   201