  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 8
DECISION
THE MASTERY OF PROCRASTINATION
The Seventh Step toward Riches
ACCURATE analysis of over 25,000 men and women who had  
experienced failure, disclosed the fact that LACK OF DECISION was near the  
head of the list of the 30 major causes of FAILURE. This is no mere statement of a  
theory— it is a fact.
PROCRASTINATION, the opposite of DECISION, is a common enemy  
which practically every man must conquer. 
You will have an opportunity to test your capacity to reach quick and 
definite DECISIONS when you finish reading this book, and are ready to begin  
putting into ACTION the principles which it describes.
Analysis of several hundred people who had accumulated fortunes well  
beyond the million dollar mark, disclosed the fact that every one of them had the 
habit of REACHING DECISIONS PROMPTLY, and of changing these decisions  
SLOWLY, if, and when they were changed. People who fail to accumulate  
money, without exception, have the habit of reaching decisions, IF AT ALL, very  
slowly, and of changing these decisions quickly and often . 
One of Henry Ford's most outstanding qualities is his habit of reaching 
decisions quickly and definitely, and changing them slowly. This quality is so  
pronounced in Mr. Ford, that it has given him the reputation of being obstinate.  
It was this quality which prompted Mr. Ford to continue to manufacture his  
famous Model "T" (the world's ugliest car), when all of his advisors, and many of  
the purchasers of the car, were urging him to change it.
Perhaps, Mr. Ford delayed too long in making the change, but the other  
side of the story is, that Mr. Ford's firmness of decision yielded a huge fortune,  
before the change in model became necessary. There is but little doubt that Mr.  
Ford's habit of definiteness of decision assumes the proportion of obstinacy, but  
this quality is preferable to slowness in reaching decisions and quickness in  
changing them.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   140