  THINK & GROW RICH   
The uncle dropped a sack of grain he was about to pour into the mill  
hopper, picked up a barrel stave, and started toward the child with an expression  
on his face that indicated trouble. 
Darby held his breath. He was certain he was about to witness a murder.  
He knew his uncle had a fierce temper. He knew that colored children were not  
supposed to defy white people in that part of the country. 
When the uncle reached the spot where the child was standing, she  
quickly stepped forward one step, looked up into his eyes, and screamed at the  
top of her shrill voice, "MY MAMMY'S GOTTA HAVE THAT FIFTY CENTS!"  
The uncle stopped, looked at her for a minute, then slowly laid the barrel  
stave on the floor, put his hand in his pocket, took out half a dollar, and gave it to  
her. 
The child took the money and slowly backed toward the door, never  
taking her eyes off the man whom she had just conquered . After she had gone, the  
uncle sat down on a box and looked out the window into space for more than ten  
minutes. He was pondering, with awe, over the whipping he had just taken. 
Mr. Darby, too, was doing some thinking. That was the first time in all his  
experience that he had seen a colored child deliberately master an adult white 
person. How did she do it? What happened to his uncle that caused him to lose  
his fierceness and become as docile as a lamb? What strange power did this child  
use that made her master over her superior? These and other similar questions  
flashed into Darby's mind, but he did not find the answer until years later, when  
he told me the story. 
Strangely, the story of this unusual experience was told to the author in  
the old mill, on the very spot where the uncle took his whipping. Strangely, too, I  
had devoted nearly a quarter of a century to the study of the power which  
enabled an ignorant, illiterate colored child to conquer an intelligent man.
As we stood there in that musty old mill, Mr. Darby repeated the story of  
the unusual conquest, and finished by asking, "What can you make of it? What  
strange power did that child use, that so completely whipped my uncle?" 
The answer to his question will be found in the principles described in this  
book. The answer is full and complete. It contains details and instructions  
sufficient to enable anyone to understand, and apply the same force which the  
little child accidentally stumbled upon. 
Keep your mind alert, and you will observe exactly what strange power  
came to the rescue of the child, you will catch a glimpse of this power in the next  
chapter. Somewhere in the book you will find an idea that will quicken your  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   21