  THINK & GROW RICH   
Each of these nine men developed individual characteristics, which  
surprised me. For example, Lincoln developed the habit of always being late,  
then walking around in solemn parade. When he came, he walked very slowly,  
with his hands clasped behind him, and once in a while, he would stop as he  
passed, and rest his hand, momentarily, upon my shoulder. He always wore an  
expression of seriousness upon his face. Rarely did I see him smile. The cares of a  
sundered nation made him grave.
That was not true of the others. Burbank and Paine often indulged in witty  
repartee which seemed, at times, to shock the other members of the cabinet. One  
night Paine suggested that I prepare a lecture on "The Age of Reason," and  
deliver it from the pulpit of a church which I formerly attended. Many around  
the table laughed heartily at the suggestion. Not Napoleon! He drew his mouth  
down at the corners and groaned so loudly that all turned and looked at him  
with amazement. To him the church was but a pawn of the State, not to be  
reformed, but to be used, as a convenient inciter to mass activity by the people.
On one occasion Burbank was late. When he came, he was excited with  
enthusiasm, and explained that he had been late, because of an experiment he  
was making, through which he hoped to be able to grow apples on any sort of  
tree. Paine chided him by reminding him that it was an apple which started all  
the trouble between man and woman. Darwin chuckled heartily as he suggested  
that Paine should watch out for little serpents, when he went into the forest to  
gather apples, as they had the habit of growing into big snakes. Emerson  
observed—" No serpents, no apples," and Napoleon remarked, "No apples, no  
state!" 
Lincoln developed the habit of always being the last one to leave the table  
after each meeting. On one occasion, he leaned across the end of the table, his  
arms folded, and remained in that position for many minutes. I made no attempt  
to disturb him. Finally, he lifted his head slowly, got up and walked to the door,  
then turned around, came back, and laid his hand on my shoulder and said, "My  
boy, you will need much courage if you remain steadfast in carrying out your  
purpose in life. But remember, when difficulties overtake you, the common  
people have common sense. Adversity will develop it." 
One evening Edison arrived ahead of all the others. He walked over and  
seated himself at my left, where Emerson was accustomed to sit, and said, "You  
are destined to witness the discovery of the secret of life. When the time comes,  
you will observe that life consists of great swarms of energy, or entities, each as  
intelligent as human beings think themselves to be. These units of life group  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   212