  THINK & GROW RICH   
reaches, as many privileges as it provides, IT DOES NOT, AND CANNOT  
BRING RICHES WITHOUT EFFORT. 
There is but one dependable method of accumulating, and legally holding  
riches, and that is by rendering useful service. No system has ever been created  
by which men can legally acquire riches through mere force of numbers, or  
without giving in return an equivalent value of one form or another. 
There is a principle known as the law of ECONOMICS! This is more than  
a theory. It is a law no man can beat. 
Mark well the name of the principle, and remember it, because it is far  
more powerful than all the politicians and political machines. It is above and  
beyond the control of all the labor unions. It cannot be swayed, nor influenced  
nor bribed by racketeers or self-appointed leaders in any calling. Moreover, IT  
HAS AN ALL-SEEING EYE, AND A PERFECT SYSTEM OF BOOKKEEPING, in  
which it keeps an accurate account of the transactions of every human being  
engaged in the business of trying to get without giving. Sooner or later its  
auditors come around, look over the records of individuals both great and small,  
and demand an accounting.
"Wall Street, Big Business, Capital Predatory Interests," or whatever name  
you choose to give the system which has given us AMERICAN FREEDOM,  
represents a group of men who understand, respect, and adapt themselves to this  
powerful LAW OF ECONOMICS! Their financial continuation depends upon  
their respecting the law. 
Most people living in America like this country, its capitalistic system and  
all. I must confess I know of no better country, where one may find greater  
opportunities to accumulate riches. Judging by their acts and deeds, there are  
some in this country who do not like it. That, of course is their privilege; if they  
do not like this country, its capitalistic system, its boundless opportunities, THEY 
HAVE THE PRIVILEGE OF CLEARING OUT!  Always there are other countries,  
such as Germany, Russia, and Italy, where one may try one's hand at enjoying  
freedom, and accumulating riches providing one is not too particular. 
America provides all the freedom and all the opportunity to accumulate  
riches that any honest person may require. When one goes hunting for game, one  
selects hunting grounds where game is plentiful. When seeking riches, the same  
rule would naturally obtain.
If it is riches you are seeking, do not overlook the possibilities of a country  
whose citizens are so rich that women, alone, spend over two hundred million  
dollars annually for lip-sticks, rouge and cosmetics. Think twice, you who are  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   136