  THINK & GROW RICH   
Mr. Edison had just perfected a new office device, known at that time, as  
the Edison Dictating Machine (now the Ediphone). His salesmen were not  
enthusiastic over the machine. They did not believe it could be sold without great  
effort. Barnes saw his opportunity. It had crawled in quietly, hidden in a queer  
looking machine which interested no one but Barnes and the inventor. 
Barnes knew he could sell the Edison Dictating Machine. He suggested  
this to Edison, and promptly got his chance. He did sell the machine. In fact, he  
sold it so successfully that Edison gave him a contract to distribute and market it  
all over the nation. Out of that business association grew the slogan, "Made by  
Edison and installed by Barnes."
The business alliance has been in operation for more than thirty years. Out  
of it Barnes has made himself rich in money, but he has done something  
infinitely greater, he has proved that one really may "Think and Grow Rich." 
How much actual cash that original DESIRE of Barnes' has been worth to  
him, I have no way of knowing. Perhaps it has brought him two or three million  
dollars, but the amount, whatever it is, becomes insignificant when compared  
with the greater asset he acquired in the form of definite knowledge that an 
intangible impulse of thought can be transmuted into its physical counterpart  by the 
application of known principles.
Barnes literally thought himself into a partnership with the great Edison!  
He thought himself into a fortune. He had nothing to start with, except the  
capacity to KNOW WHAT HE WANTED, AND THE DETERMINATION TO  
STAND BY THAT DESIRE UNTIL HE REALIZED IT.
He had no money to begin with. He had but little education. He had no  
influence. But he did have initiative, faith, and the will to win. With these  
intangible forces he made himself number one man with the greatest inventor  
who ever lived. 
Now, let us look at a different situation, and study a man who had plenty  
of tangible evidence of riches, but lost it, because he stopped three feet short of the  
goal he was seeking.
THREE FEET FROM GOLD
One of the most common causes of failure is the habit of quitting when  
one is overtaken by temporary defeat. Every person is guilty of this mistake at one  
time or another. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   18