  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 11
THE MYSTERY OF SEX TRANSMUTATION
 
The Tenth Step toward Riches
The meaning of the word "transmute" is, in simple language, "the  
changing, or transferring of one element, or form of energy, into another." 
The emotion of sex brings into being a state of mind. 
Because of ignorance on the subject, this state of mind is generally  
associated with the physical, and because of improper influences, to which most  
people have been subjected, in acquiring knowledge of sex, things essentially  
physical have highly biased the mind.
The emotion of sex has back of it the possibility of three constructive  
potentialities, they are:— 
1. The perpetuation of mankind.
2. The maintenance of health, (as a therapeutic agency, it has no equal). 
3. The transformation of mediocrity into genius through transmutation.
Sex transmutation is simple and easily explained. It means the switching  
of the mind from thoughts of physical expression, to thoughts of some other  
nature.
Sex desire is the most powerful of human desires. When driven by this  
desire, men develop keenness of imagination, courage, will-power, persistence,  
and creative ability unknown to them at other times. So strong and impelling is  
the desire for sexual contact that men freely run the risk of life and reputation to  
indulge it. When harnessed, and redirected along other lines, this motivating  
force maintains all of its attributes of keenness of imagination, courage, etc.,  
which may be used as powerful creative forces in literature, art, or in any other  
profession or calling, including, of course, the accumulation of riches.
The transmutation of sex energy calls for the exercise of will-power, to be  
sure, but the reward is worth the effort. The desire for sexual expression is inborn  
and natural. The desire cannot, and should not be submerged or eliminated. But  
it should be given an outlet through forms of expression which enrich the body,  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   174