  THINK & GROW RICH   
asked why he closed his eyes just before the climaxes of his oratory, he replied, "I  
do it, because, then I speak through ideas which come to me from within." 
One of America's most successful and best known financiers followed the  
habit of closing his eyes for two or three minutes before making a decision. 
When asked why he did this, he replied, "With my eyes closed, I am able  
to draw upon a source of superior intelligence." 
The late Dr. Elmer R. Gates, of Chevy Chase, Maryland, created more than  
200 useful patents, many of them basic, through the process of cultivating and  
using the creative faculty. His method is both significant and interesting to one  
interested in attaining to the status of genius, in which category Dr. Gates,  
unquestionably belonged. Dr. Gates was one of the really great, though less  
publicized scientists of the world.
In his laboratory, he had what he called his "personal communication  
room." It was practically sound proof, and so arranged that all light could be shut  
out. It was equipped with a small table, on which he kept a pad of writing paper.  
In front of the table, on the wall, was an electric pushbutton, which controlled the  
lights. When Dr. Gates desired to draw upon the forces available to him through  
his Creative Imagination, he would go into this room, seat himself at the table,  
shut off the lights, and CONCENTRATE upon the KNOWN factors of the  
invention on which he was working, remaining in that position until ideas began  
to "flash" into his mind in connection with the UNKNOWN factors of the  
invention. 
On one occasion, ideas came through so fast that he was forced to write  
for almost three hours. When the thoughts stopped flowing, and he examined his  
notes, he found they contained a minute description of principles which bad not  
a parallel among the known data of the scientific world. 
Moreover, the answer to his problem was intelligently presented in those  
notes. In this manner Dr. Gates completed over 200 patents, which had been  
begun, but not completed, by "half-baked" brains. Evidence of the truth of this  
statement is in the United States Patent Office. 
Dr. Gates earned his living by "sitting for ideas" for individuals and  
corporations. Some of the largest corporations in America paid him substantial  
fees, by the hour, for "sitting for ideas." 
The reasoning faculty is often faulty, because it is largely guided by one's  
accumulated experience. Not all knowledge, which one accumulates through  
"experience," is accurate. Ideas received through the creative faculty are much  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   179