  THINK & GROW RICH   
mind, and spirit of man. If not given this form of outlet, through transmutation,  
it will seek outlets through purely physical channels. 
A river may be dammed, and its water controlled for a time, but  
eventually, it will force an outlet. The same is true of the emotion of sex. It may  
be submerged and controlled for a time, but its very nature causes it to be ever  
seeking means of expression. If it is not transmuted into some creative effort it  
will find a less worthy outlet. 
Fortunate, indeed, is the person who has discovered how to give sex  
emotion an outlet through some form of creative effort, for he has, by that  
discovery, lifted himself to the status of a genius.
Scientific research has disclosed these significant facts: 
1. The men of greatest achievement are men with highly developed sex  
natures; men who have learned the art of sex transmutation. 
2. The men who have accumulated great fortunes and achieved  
outstanding recognition in literature, art, industry, architecture, and the  
professions, were motivated by the influence of a woman. 
The research from which these astounding discoveries were made, went  
back through the pages of biography and history for more than two thousand  
years. Wherever there was evidence available in connection with the lives of men  
and women of great achievement, it indicated most convincingly that they  
possessed highly developed sex natures. 
The emotion of sex is an "irresistible force," against which there can be no  
such opposition as an "immovable body." When driven by this emotion, men  
become gifted with a super power for action. Understand this truth, and you will  
catch the significance of the statement that sex transmutation will lift one to the  
status of a genius. 
The emotion of sex contains the secret of creative ability. 
Destroy the sex glands, whether in man or beast, and you have removed  
the major source of action. For proof of this, observe what happens to any animal  
after it has been castrated. A bull becomes as docile as a cow after it has been  
altered sexually. Sex alteration takes out of the male, whether man or beast, all  
the FIGHT that was in him. Sex alteration of the female has the same effect. 
THE TEN MIND STIMULI
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   175