  THINK & GROW RICH   
ONLY upon instructions which are emotionalized, and handed over to it with  
"feeling." FAITH is the strongest, and most productive of the emotions. Follow  
the instructions given in the chapter on FAITH. 
These instructions may, at first, seem abstract. Do not let this disturb you.  
Follow the instructions, no matter how abstract or impractical they may, at first,  
appear to be. The time will soon come, if you do as you have been instructed, in 
spirit as well as in act , when a whole new universe of power will unfold to you.
Scepticism, in connection with ALL new ideas, is characteristic of all  
human beings. But if you follow the instructions outlined, your scepticism will  
soon be replaced by belief, and this, in turn, will soon become crystallized into  
ABSOLUTE FAITH. Then you will have arrived at the point where you may  
truly say, "I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul!" 
Many philosophers have made the statement, that man is the master of his  
own earthly destiny, but most of them have failed to say why he is the master. The  
reason that man may be the master of his own earthly status, and especially his  
financial status, is thoroughly explained in this chapter. Man may become the  
master of himself, and of his environment, because he has the POWER TO  
INFLUENCE HIS OWN SUBCONSCIOUS MIND, and through it, gain the  
cooperation of Infinite Intelligence.
You are now reading the chapter which represents the keystone to the  
arch of this philosophy. The instructions contained in this chapter must be  
understood and APPLIED WITH PERSISTENCE, if you succeed in transmuting  
desire into money.
The actual performance of transmuting DESIRE into money, involves the  
use of auto-suggestion as an agency by which one may reach, and influence, the  
subconscious mind. The other principles are simply tools with which to apply  
auto-suggestion. Keep this thought in mind, and you will, at all times, be  
conscious of the important part the principle of auto-suggestion is to play in your  
efforts to accumulate money through the methods described in this book.
Carry out these instructions as though you were a small child. Inject into  
your efforts something of the FAITH of a child. The author has been most  
careful, to see that no impractical instructions were included, because of his  
sincere desire to be helpful.
After you have read the entire book, come back to this chapter, and follow  
in spirit, and in action, this instruction: 
READ THE ENTIRE CHAPTER ALOUD ONCE EVERY NIGHT, UNTIL  
YOU BECOME THOROUGHLY CONVINCED THAT THE PRINCIPLE OF  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   71