  THINK & GROW RICH   
practical plans for the accumulation of money through transmutation of your  
desire. 
DO NOT WAIT for a definite plan, through which you intend to exchange  
services or merchandise in return for the money you are visualizing, but begin at  
once to see yourself in possession of the money, DEMANDING and EXPECTING  
meanwhile, that your subconscious mind will hand over the plan, or plans you  
need. Be on the alert for these plans, and when they appear, put them into  
ACTION IMMEDIATELY. When the plans appear, they will probably "flash"  
into your mind through the sixth sense, in the form of an "inspiration." This  
inspiration may be considered a direct "telegram," or message from Infinite  
Intelligence. Treat it with respect, and act upon it as soon as you receive it.  
Failure to do this will be FATAL to your success.
In the fourth of the six steps, you were instructed to "Create a definite plan  
for carrying out your desire, and begin at once to put this plan into action." You  
should follow this instruction in the manner described in the preceding  
paragraph. Do not trust to your "reason when creating your plan for  
accumulating money through the transmutation of desire. Your reason is faulty.  
Moreover, your reasoning faculty may be lazy, and, if you depend entirely upon  
it to serve you, it may disappoint you.
When visualizing the money you intend to accumulate, (with closed eyes),  
see yourself rendering the service, or delivering the merchandise you intend to give in  
return for this money. This is important!  
SUMMARY OF INSTRUCTIONS
The fact that you are reading this book is an indication that you earnestly  
seek knowledge. It is also an indication that you are a student of this subject. If  
you are only a student, there is a chance that you may learn much that you did  
not know, but you will learn only by assuming an attitude of humility. If you  
choose to follow some of the instructions but neglect, or refuse to follow others—
you will fail! To get satisfactory results, you must follow ALL instructions in a  
spirit of FAITH.
The instructions given in connection with the six steps in the second  
chapter will now be summarized, and blended with the principles covered by  
this chapter, as follows:
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   69