  THINK & GROW RICH   
occupation. This fear is more prevalent among the aged, but  
sometimes the more youthful are victims of it. The greatest of all  
remedies for the fear of death is a BURNING DESIRE FOR  
ACHIEVEMENT, backed by useful service to others. A busy person  
seldom has time to think about dying. He finds life too thrilling to  
worry about death. Sometimes the fear of death is closely  
associated with the Fear of Poverty, where one's death would leave  
loved ones poverty-stricken. In other cases, the fear of death is  
caused by illness and the consequent breaking down of physical  
body resistance. The commonest causes of the fear of death are: ill-
health, poverty, lack of appropriate occupation, disappointment  
over love, insanity, religious fanaticism. 
OLD MAN WORRY
Worry is a state of mind based upon fear. It works slowly, but  
persistently. It is insiduous and subtle. Step by step it "digs itself in" until it  
paralyzes one's reasoning faculty, destroys self-confidence and initiative. Worry  
is a form of sustained fear caused by indecision therefore it is a state of mind  
which can be controlled.
An unsettled mind is helpless. Indecision makes an unsettled mind. Most  
individuals lack the willpower to reach decisions promptly, and to stand by them  
after they have been made, even during normal business conditions. During  
periods of economic unrest (such as the world recently experienced), the  
individual is handicapped, not alone by his inherent nature to be slow at  
reaching decisions, but he is influenced by the indecision of others around him  
who have created a state of "mass indecision."
During the depression the whole atmosphere, all over the world, was  
filled with "Fearenza" and "Worryitis," the two mental disease germs which  
began to spread themselves after the Wall Street frenzy in 1929. There is only one  
known antidote for these germs; it is the habit of prompt and firm DECISION.  
Moreover, it is an antidote which every individual must apply for himself. 
We do not worry over conditions, once we have reached a decision to  
follow a definite line of action.
I once interviewed a man who was to be electrocuted two hours later. The  
condemned man was the calmest of some eight men who were in the death-cell  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   236