  THINK & GROW RICH   
The habit of reading about illness and worrying over the  
possibility of being stricken by it. The habit of reading patent  
medicine advertisements.
THE FEAR OF LOSS OF LOVE
The original source of this inherent fear needs but little description,  
because it obviously grew out of man's polygamous habit of stealing his fellow-
man's mate, and his habit of taking liberties with her whenever he could. 
Jealousy, and other similar forms of dementia praecox grow out of man's  
inherited fear of the loss of love of someone. This fear is the most painful of all  
the six basic fears. It probably plays more havoc with the body and mind than  
any of the other basic fears, as it often leads to permanent insanity. 
The fear of the loss of love probably dates back to the stone age, when  
men stole women by brute force. They continue to steal females, but their  
technique has changed. Instead of force, they now use persuasion, the promise of  
pretty clothes, motor cars, and other "bait" much more effective than physical  
force. Man's habits are the same as they were at the dawn of civilization, but he  
expresses them differently.
Careful analysis has shown that women are more susceptible to this fear  
than men. This fact is easily explained. Women have learned, from experience,  
that men are polygamous by nature, that they are not to be trusted in the hands  
of rivals. 
SYMPTOMS OF THE FEAR OF LOSS OF LOVE
The distinguishing symptoms of this fear are:— 
JEALOUSY. The habit of being suspicious of friends and  
loved ones without any reasonable evidence of sufficient grounds.  
(Jealousy is a form of dementia praecox which sometimes becomes  
violent without the slightest cause). The habit of accusing wife or  
husband of infidelity without grounds. General suspicion of  
everyone, absolute faith in no one. 
FAULT FINDING. The habit of finding fault with friends,  
relatives, business associates and loved ones upon the slightest  
provocation, or without any cause whatsoever.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   232