  THINK & GROW RICH   
a chance to profit by my mistakes and learn something from the experience of  
others, for I know that there is something WRONG with me, or I would now be  
where I WOULD HAVE BEEN IF I had spent more time analyzing my  
weaknesses, and less time building alibis to cover them.
Building alibis with which to explain away failure is a national pastime.  
The habit is as old as the human race, and is fatal to success! Why do people cling  
to their pet alibis? The answer is obvious. They defend their alibis because THEY  
CREATE them! A man's alibi is the child of his own imagination. It is human  
nature to defend one's own brain-child. 
Building alibis is a deeply rooted habit. Habits are difficult to break,  
especially when they provide justification for something we do. Plato had this  
truth in mind when he said, "The first and best victory is to conquer self. To be  
conquered by self is, of all things, the most shameful and vile." 
Another philosopher had the same thought in mind when he said, "It was  
a great surprise to me when I discovered that most of the ugliness I saw in  
others, was but a reflection of my own nature." 
"It has always been a mystery to me," said Elbert Hubbard, "why people  
spend so much time deliberately fooling themselves by creating alibis to cover  
their weaknesses. If used differently, this same time would be sufficient to cure  
the weakness, then no alibis would be needed."
In parting, I would remind you that "Life is a checkerboard, and the player  
opposite you is TIME. If you hesitate before moving, or neglect to move  
promptly, your men will be wiped off the board by TIME. You are playing  
against a partner who will not tolerate INDECISION!"
Previously you may have had a logical excuse for not having forced Life  
to come through with whatever you asked, but that alibi is now obsolete, because  
you are in possession of the Master Key that unlocks the door to Life's bountiful  
riches. 
The Master Key is intangible, but it is powerful! It is the privilege of  
creating, in your own mind, a BURNING DESIRE for a definite form of riches.  
There is no penalty for the use of the Key, but there is a price you must pay if you  
do not use it. The price is FAILURE. There is a reward of stupendous proportions  
if you put the Key to use. It is the satisfaction that comes to all who conquer self 
and force Life to pay whatever is asked.
The reward is worthy of your effort. Will you make the start and be  
convinced?
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   248