  THINK & GROW RICH   
twenty-five years, the other is my own son. The unusual success of these two  
men, success which they generously accredit to the principle described in the  
next chapter, more than justifies this personal reference as a means of  
emphasizing the far-flung power of this principle.
Almost fifteen years ago, I delivered the Commencement Address at  
Salem College, Salem, West Virginia. I emphasized the principle described in the  
next chapter, with so much intensity that one of the members of the graduating  
class definitely appropriated it, and made it a part of his own philosophy. The  
young man is now a Member of Congress, and an important factor in the present  
administration. Just before this book went to the publisher, he wrote me a letter  
in which he so clearly stated his opinion of the principle outlined in the next  
chapter, that I have chosen to publish his letter as an introduction to that chapter.
It gives you an idea of the rewards to come.
"My dear Napoleon:
"My service as a Member of Congress having given me an insight  
into the problems of men and women, I am writing to offer a suggestion  
which may become helpful to thousands of worthy people. 
"With apologies, I must state that the suggestion, if acted upon,  
will mean several years of labor and responsibility for you, but I am  
enheartened to make the suggestion, because I know your great love for  
rendering useful service.
"In 1922, you delivered the Commencement address at Salem  
College, when I was a member' of the graduating class. In that address,  
you planted in my mind an idea which has been responsible for the  
opportunity I now have to serve the people of my State, and will be  
responsible, in a very large measure, for whatever success I may have in  
the future.
"The suggestion I have in mind is, that you put into a book the  
sum and substance of the address you delivered at Salem College, and in  
that way give the people of America an opportunity to profit by your  
many years of experience and association with the men who, by their  
greatness, have made America the richest nation on earth.
"I recall, as though it were yesterday, the marvelous description  
you gave of the method by which Henry Ford, with but little schooling,  
without a dollar, with no influential friends, rose to great heights. I made  
up my mind then, even before you had finished your speech, that I would  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   27