  THINK & GROW RICH   
22. Have I been guilty of any conduct which was not approved by  
my conscience? 
23. In what ways have I rendered MORE SERVICE AND BETTER  
SERVICE than I was paid to render? 
24. Have I been unfair to anyone, and if so, in what way?
25. If I had been the purchaser of my own services for the year,  
would I be satisfied with my purchase? 
26. Am I in the right vocation, and if not, why not?
27. Has the purchaser of my services been satisfied with the  
service I have rendered, and if not, why not? 
28. What is my present rating on the fundamental principles of  
success? (Make this rating fairly, and frankly, and have it  
checked by someone who is courageous enough to do it  
accurately).
Having read and assimilated the information conveyed through this  
chapter, you are now ready to create a practical plan for marketing your personal  
services. In this chapter will be found an adequate description of every principle  
essential in planning the sale of personal services, including the major attributes  
of leadership; the most common causes of failure in leadership; a description of  
the fields of opportunity for leadership; the main causes of failure in all walks of  
life, and the important questions which should be used in self-analysis. This  
extensive and detailed presentation of accurate information has been included,  
because it will be needed by all who must begin the accumulation of riches by  
marketing personal services. Those who have lost their fortunes, and those who  
are just beginning to earn money, have nothing but personal services to offer in  
return for riches, therefore it is essential that they have available the practical  
information needed to market services to best advantage.
The information contained in this chapter will be of great value to all who  
aspire to attain leadership in any calling. It will be particularly helpful to those  
aiming to market their services as business or industrial executives.
Complete assimilation and understanding of the information here  
conveyed will be helpful in marketing one's own services, and it will also help  
one to become more analytical and capable of judging people. The information  
will be priceless to personnel directors, employment managers, and other  
executives charged with the selection of employees, and the maintenance of  
efficient organizations. If you doubt this statement, test its soundness by  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   128