  THINK & GROW RICH   
First. Go into some quiet spot (preferably in bed at night)  
where you will not be disturbed or interrupted, close your eyes,  
and repeat aloud, (so you may hear your own words) the written  
statement of the amount of money you intend to accumulate, the  
time limit for its accumulation, and a description of the service or  
merchandise you intend to give in return for the money. As you  
carry out these instructions, SEE YOURSELF ALREADY IN  
POSSESSION OF THE MONEY. 
For example :— Suppose that you intend to accumulate  
$50,000 by the first of January, five years hence, that you intend to  
give personal services in return for the money, in the Capacity of a  
salesman. Your written statement of your purpose should be  
similar to the following: 
"By the first day of January, 19.., I will have in my possession  
$50,000, which will come to me in various amounts from time to  
time during the interim.
"In return for this money I will give the most efficient service  
of which I am capable, rendering the fullest possible quantity, and  
the best possible quality of service in the capacity of salesman of  
(describe the service or merchandise you intend to sell). 
"I believe that I will have this money in my possession. My  
faith is so strong that I can now see this money before my eyes. I  
can touch it with my hands. It is now awaiting transfer to me at the  
time, and in the proportion that I deliver the service I intend to  
render in return for it. I am awaiting a plan by which to accumulate  
this money, and I will follow that plan, when it is received."
Second. Repeat this program night and morning until you  
can see, (in your imagination) the money you intend to accumulate.
Third. Place a written copy of your statement where you can  
see it night and morning, and read it just before retiring, and upon  
arising until it has been memorized.
Remember, as you carry out these instructions, that you are applying the  
principle of auto-suggestion, for the purpose of giving orders to your  
subconscious mind. Remember, also, that your subconscious mind will act  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   70