  THINK & GROW RICH   
The sponsor! That unfortunate victim who now pays the cost of all radio  
"entertainment," soon will become idea conscious, and demand something for his  
money. The man who beats the sponsor to the draw, and supplies programmes  
that render useful service, is the man who will become rich in this new industry. 
Crooners and light chatter artists who now pollute the air with wisecracks  
and silly giggles, will go the way of all light timbers, and their places will be  
taken by real artists who interpret carefully planned programmes which have  
been designed to service the minds of men, as well as provide entertainment.
Here is a wide open field of opportunity screaming its protest at the way it  
is being butchered, because of lack of imagination, and begging for rescue at any  
price. Above all, the thing that radio needs is new IDEAS! 
If this new field of opportunity intrigues you, perhaps you might profit by  
the suggestion that the successful radio programmes of the future will give more  
attention to creating "buyer" audiences, and less attention to "listener" audiences.  
Stated more plainly, the builder of radio programmes who succeeds in the  
future, must find practical ways to convert "listeners" into "buyers." Moreover,  
the successful producer of radio programmes in the future must key his features  
so that he can definitely show its effect upon the audience.
Sponsors are becoming a bit weary of buying glib selling talks, based  
upon statements grabbed out of thin air. They want, and in the future will  
demand, indisputable proof that the Whoosit programme not only gives millions  
of people the silliest giggle ever, but that the silly giggler can sell merchandise!
Another thing that might as well be understood by those who contemplate  
entering this new field of opportunity, radio advertising is going to be handled  
by an entirely new group of advertising experts, separate and distinct from the  
old time newspaper and magazine advertising agency men. The old timers in the  
advertising game cannot read the modern radio scripts, because they have been  
schooled to SEE ideas. The new radio technique demands men who can interpret  
ideas from a written manuscript in terms of SOUND! It cost the author a year of  
hard labor, and many thousands of dollars to learn this. 
Radio, right now, is about where the moving pictures were, when Mary  
Pickford and her curls first appeared on the screen. There is plenty of room in  
radio for those who can produce or recognize  IDEAS.
If the foregoing comment on the opportunities of radio has not started  
your idea factory to work, you had better forget it. Your opportunity is in some  
other field. If the comment intrigued you in the slightest degree, then go further  
into it, and you may find the one IDEA you need to round out your career. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   96