  THINK & GROW RICH   
religion which was to sweep to the Danube and the Pyrenees before exhausting  
the impetus he gave it. That impetus was three-fold: the power of words, the  
efficacy of prayer and man's kinship with God. 
"His career never made sense. Mohammed was born to impoverished  
members of a leading family of Mecca. Because Mecca, the crossroads of the  
world, home of the magic stone called the Caaba, great city of trade and the  
center of trade routes, was unsanitary, its children were sent to be raised in the  
desert by Bedouins. Mohammed was thus nurtured, drawing strength and health  
from the milk of nomad, vicarious mothers. He tended sheep and soon hired out  
to a rich widow as leader of her caravans. He traveled to all parts of the Eastern  
World, talked with many men of diverse beliefs and observed the decline of  
Christianity into warring sects. When he was twenty-eight, Khadija, the widow,  
looked upon him with favor, and married him. Her father would have objected  
to such a marriage, so she got him drunk and held him up while he gave the  
paternal blessing. For the next twelve years Mohammed lived as a rich and  
respected and very shrewd trader. Then he took to wandering in the desert, and  
one day he returned with the first verse of the Koran and told Khadija that the  
archangel Gabriel had appeared to him and said that he was to be the Messenger  
of God.
"The Koran, the revealed word of God, was the closest thing to a miracle  
in Mohammed's life. He had not been a poet; he had no gift of words. Yet the  
verses of the Koran, as he received them and recited them to the faithful, were  
better than any verses which the professional poets of the tribes could produce.  
This, to the Arabs, was a miracle. To them the gift of words was the greatest gift,  
the poet was all-powerful. In addition the Koran said that all men were equal  
before God, that the world should be a democratic state— Islam. It was this  
political heresy, plus Mohammed's desire to destroy all the 360 idols in the  
courtyard of the Caaba, which brought about his banishment. The idols brought  
the desert tribes to Mecca, and that meant trade. So the business men of Mecca,  
the capitalists, of which he had been one, set upon Mohammed. Then he  
retreated to the desert and demanded sovereignty over the world. 
"The rise of Islam began. Out of the desert came a flame which would not  
be extinguished— a democratic army fighting as a unit and prepared to die  
without wincing. Mohammed had invited the Jews and Christians to join him;  
for he was not building a new religion. He was calling all who believed in one  
God to join in a single faith. If the Jews and Christians had accepted his invitation  
Islam would have conquered the world. They didn't. They would not even  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   165