  THINK & GROW RICH   
Remember that it is not the lawyer who knows the most law, but the one  
who best prepares his case, who wins. If your "case" is properly prepared and  
presented, your victory will have been more than half won at the outset.
Do not be afraid of making your brief too long. Employers are just as  
much interested in purchasing the services of well-qualified applicants as you are  
in securing employment. In fact, the success of most successful employers is due,  
in the main, to their ability to select well-qualified lieutenants. They want all the  
information available.
Remember another thing; neatness in the preparation of your brief will  
indicate that you are a painstaking person. I have helped to prepare briefs for  
clients which were so striking and out of the ordinary that they resulted in the  
employment of the applicant without a personal interview. 
When your brief has been completed, have it neatly bound by an  
experienced binder, and lettered by an artist, or printer similar to the following: 
BRIEF OF THE QUALIFICATIONS OF
Robert K. Smith
APPLYING FOR THE POSITION OF
Private Secretary to The President of
THE BLANK COMPANY, Inc.
Change names each time brief is shown. 
This personal touch is sure to command attention. Have your brief neatly  
typed or mimeographed on the finest paper you can obtain, and bound with a  
heavy paper of the book-cover variety, the binder to be changed, and the proper  
firm name to be inserted if it is to be shown to more than one company. Your  
photograph should be pasted on one of the pages of your brief. Follow these  
instructions to the letter, improving upon them wherever your imagination  
suggests. 
Successful salesmen groom themselves with care. They understand that  
first impressions are lasting. Your brief is your salesman. Give it a good suit of  
clothes, so it will stand out in bold contrast to anything your prospective  
employer ever saw, in the way of an application for a position. If the position you  
seek is worth having, it is worth going after with care. Moreover, if you sell  
yourself to an employer in a manner that impresses him with your individuality,  
you probably will receive more money for your services from the very start, than  
you would if you applied for employment in the usual conventional way.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   113