  THINK & GROW RICH   
Little did he dream, when he went to work, that he was destined to bring  
hope and practical relief to thousands of deafened people who, without his help,  
would have been doomed forever to deaf mutism.
Shortly after he became associated with the manufacturer of his hearing  
aid, he invited me to attend a class conducted by his company, for the purpose of  
teaching deaf mutes to hear, and to speak. I had never heard of such a form of  
education, therefore I visited the class, skeptical but hopeful that my time would  
not be entirely wasted. Here I saw a demonstration which gave me a greatly  
enlarged vision of what I had done to arouse and keep alive in my son's mind the  
DESIRE for normal hearing. I saw deaf mutes actually being taught to hear and  
to speak, through application of the self-same principle I had used, more than  
twenty years previously, in saving my son from deaf mutism. 
Thus, through some strange turn of the Wheel of Fate, my son, Blair, and I  
have been destined to aid in correcting deaf mutism for those as yet unborn,  
because we are the only living human beings, as far as I know, who have  
established definitely the fact that deaf mutism can be corrected to the extent of  
restoring to normal life those who suffer with this affliction. It has been done for  
one; it will be done for others. 
There is no doubt in my mind that Blair would have been a deaf mute all  
his life, if his mother and I had not managed to shape his mind as we did. The  
doctor who attended at his birth told us, confidentially, the child might never  
hear or speak. A few weeks ago, Dr. Irving Voorhees, a noted specialist on such  
cases, examined Blair very thoroughly. He was astounded when he learned how  
well my son now hears, and speaks, and said his examination indicated that  
"theoretically, the boy should not be able to hear at all." But the lad does hear,  
despite the fact that X-ray pictures show there is no opening in the skull,  
whatsoever, from where his ears should be to the brain.
When I planted in his mind the DESIRE to hear and talk, and live as a  
normal person, there went with that impulse some strange influence which  
caused Nature to become bridge-builder, and span the gulf of silence between his  
brain and the outer world, by some means which the keenest medical specialists  
have not been able to interpret. It would be sacrilege for me to even conjecture as  
to how Nature performed this miracle. It would be unforgivable if I neglected to  
tell the world as much as I know of the humble part I assumed in the strange  
experience. It is my duty, and a privilege to say I believe, and not without reason,  
that nothing is impossible to the person who backs DESIRE with enduring  
FAITH. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   43