  THINK & GROW RICH   
AUTO-SUGGESTION. The habit of negative use of self-
suggestion by looking for, and expecting to find the symptoms of  
all kinds of disease. "Enjoying" imaginary illness and speaking of it  
as being real. The habit of trying all "fads" and "isms"  
recommended by others as having therapeutic value. Talking to  
others of operations, accidents and other forms of illness.  
Experimenting with diets, physical exercises, reducing systems,  
without professional guidance. Trying home remedies, patent  
medicines and "quack" remedies. 
HYPOCHONDRIA. The habit of talking of illness,  
concentrating the mind upon disease, and expecting its appearance  
until a nervous break occurs. Nothing that comes in bottles can cure  
this condition. It is brought on by negative thinking and nothing  
but positive thought can affect a cure. Hypochondria, (a medical  
term for imaginary disease) is said to do as much damage on  
occasion, as the disease one fears might do. Most so-called cases of  
"nerves" come from imaginary illness. 
EXERCISE. Fear of ill health often interferes with proper  
physical exercise, and results in over-weight, by causing one to  
avoid outdoor life. 
SUSCEPTIBILITY. Fear of ill health breaks down Nature's  
body resistance, and creates a favorable condition for any form of  
disease one may contact.
The fear of ill health often is related to the fear of Poverty,  
especially in the case of the hypochondriac, who constantly worries  
about the possibility of having to pay doctor's bills, hospital bills,  
etc. This type of person spends much time preparing for sickness,  
talking about death, saving money for cemetery lots, and burial  
expenses, etc. 
SELF-CODDLING. The habit of making a bid for sympathy,  
using imaginary illness as the lure. (People often resort to this trick  
to avoid work). The habit of feigning illness to cover plain laziness,  
or to serve as an alibi for lack of ambition. 
INTEMPERANCE. The habit of using alcohol or narcotics to  
destroy pains such as headaches, neuralgia, etc., instead of  
eliminating the cause.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   231