  THINK & GROW RICH   
Never let it discourage you if you have no experience in radio. Andrew  
Carnegie knew very little about making steel— I have Carnegie's own word for  
this—but he made practical use of two of the principles described in this book,  
and made the steel business yield him a fortune. 
The story of practically every great fortune starts with the day when a  
creator of ideas and a seller of ideas got together and worked in harmony.  
Carnegie surrounded himself with men who could do all that he could not do.  
Men who created ideas, and men who put ideas into operation, and made  
himself and the others fabulously rich.
Millions of people go through life hoping for favorable "breaks." Perhaps a  
favorable break can get one an opportunity, but the safest plan is not to depend  
upon luck. It was a favorable "break" that gave me the biggest opportunity of my  
life— but— twenty-five years of determined effort had to be devoted to that  
opportunity before it became an asset.
The "break" consisted of my good fortune in meeting and gaining the  
cooperation of Andrew Carnegie. On that occasion Carnegie planted in my mind  
the idea of organizing the principles of achievement into a philosophy of success.  
Thousands of people have profited by the discoveries made in the twenty-five  
years of research, and several fortunes have been accumulated through the  
application of the philosophy. The beginning was simple. It was an IDEA which  
anyone might have developed. 
The favorable break came through Carnegie, but what about the  
DETERMINATION, DEFINITENESS OF PURPOSE, and the DESIRE TO  
ATTAIN THE GOAL, and the PERSISTENT EFFORT OF TWENTY-FIVE  
YEARS? It was no ordinary DESIRE that survived disappointment,  
discouragement, temporary defeat, criticism, and the constant reminding of  
"waste of time." It was a BURNING DESIRE! AN OBSESSION! 
When the idea was first planted in my mind by Mr. Carnegie, it was  
coaxed, nursed, and enticed to remain alive. Gradually, the idea became a giant  
under its own power, and it coaxed, nursed, and drove me. Ideas are like that.  
First you give life and action and guidance to ideas, then they take on power of  
their own and sweep aside all opposition. 
Ideas are intangible forces, but they have more power than the physical  
brains that give birth to them. They have the power to live on, after the brain that  
creates them has returned to dust. For example, take the power of Christianity.  
That began with a simple idea, born in the brain of Christ. Its chief tenet was, "do  
unto others as you would have others do unto you." Christ has gone back to the  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   97