  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 6
IMAGINATION
THE WORKSHOP OF THE MIND
The Fifth Step toward Riches
The imagination is literally the workshop wherein are fashioned all plans  
created by man. The impulse, the DESIRE, is given shape, form, and ACTION  
through the aid of the imaginative faculty of the mind.
It has been said that man can create anything which he can imagine.
Of all the ages of civilization, this is the most favorable for the  
development of the imagination, because it is an age of rapid change. On every  
hand one may contact stimuli which develop the imagination.
Through the aid of his imaginative faculty, man has discovered, and  
harnessed, more of Nature's forces during the past fifty years than during the  
entire history of the human race, previous to that time. He has conquered the air  
so completely, that the birds are a poor match for him in flying. He has harnessed  
the ether, and made it serve as a means of instantaneous communication with  
any part of the world. He has analyzed, and weighed the sun at a distance of  
millions of miles, and has determined, through the aid of IMAGINATION, the  
elements of which it consists. He has discovered that his own brain is both a  
broadcasting, and a receiving station for the vibration of thought, and he is  
beginning now to learn how to make practical use of this discovery. He has  
increased the speed of locomotion, until he may now travel at a speed of more  
than three hundred miles an hour. The time will soon come when a man may  
breakfast in New York, and lunch in San Francisco.
MAN'S ONLY LIMITATION, within reason, LIES IN HIS  
DEVELOPMENT AND USE OF HIS IMAGINATION. He has not yet reached the  
apex of development in the use of his imaginative faculty. He has merely  
discovered that he has an imagination, and has commenced to use it in a very  
elementary way. 
TWO FORMS OF IMAGINATION
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   86