  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 9
PERSISTENCE
THE SUSTAINED EFFORT NECESSARY TO INDUCE FAITH
The Eighth Step toward Riches
PERSISTENCE is an essential factor in the procedure of transmuting  
DESIRE into its monetary equivalent. The basis of persistence is the POWER OF  
WILL.
Will-power and desire, when properly combined, make an irresistible  
pair. Men who accumulate great fortunes are generally known as cold-blooded,  
and sometimes ruthless. Often they are misunderstood. What they have is will-
power, which they mix with persistence, and place back of their desires to insure 
the attainment of their objectives.
Henry Ford has been generally misunderstood to be ruthless and cold-
blooded. This misconception grew out of Ford's habit of following through in all  
of his plans with PERSISTENCE. 
The majority of people are ready to throw their aims and purposes  
overboard, and give up at the first sign of opposition or misfortune. A few carry  
on DESPITE all opposition, until they attain their goal. These few are the Fords,  
Carnegies, Rockefellers, and Edisons. 
There may be no heroic connotation to the word "persistence," but the  
quality is to the character of man what carbon is to steel.
The building of a fortune, generally, involves the application of the entire  
thirteen factors of this philosophy. These principles must be understood, they  
must be applied with PERSISTENCE by all who accumulate money. 
If you are following this book with the intention of applying the  
knowledge it conveys, your first test as to your PERSISTENCE will come when  
you begin to follow the six steps described in the second chapter. Unless you are  
one of the two out of every hundred who already have a DEFINITE GOAL at  
which you are aiming, and a DEFINITE PLAN for its attainment, you may read  
the instructions, and then pass on with your daily routine, and never comply  
with those instructions.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   151