  THINK & GROW RICH   
them. They may be used to bring freedom to a nation, or to accumulate riches.  
There is no charge save the time necessary to understand and appropriate them.
Those who reach DECISIONS promptly and definitely, know what they  
want, and generally get it. The leaders in every walk of life DECIDE quickly, and  
firmly. That is the major reason why they are leaders. The world has the habit of  
making room for the man whose words and actions show that he knows where  
he is going.
INDECISION is a habit which usually begins in youth. The habit takes on  
permanency as the youth goes through graded school, high school, and even  
through college, without DEFINITENESS OF PURPOSE. The major weakness of  
all educational systems is that they neither teach nor encourage the habit of  
DEFINITE DECISION.
It would be beneficial if no college would permit the enrollment of any  
student, unless and until the student declared his major purpose in  
matriculating. It would be of still greater benefit, if every student who enters the  
graded schools were compelled to accept training in the HABIT OF DECISION,  
and forced to pass a satisfactory examination on this subject before being  
permitted to advance in the grades.
The habit of INDECISION acquired because of the deficiencies of our  
school systems, goes with the student into the occupation he chooses . . . IF . . in  
fact, he chooses his occupation. Generally, the youth just out of school seeks any  
job that can be found. He takes the first place he finds, because he has fallen into  
the habit of INDECISION. Ninety-eight out of every hundred people working for  
wages today, are in the positions they hold, because they lacked the  
DEFINITENESS OF DECISION to PLAN A DEFINITE POSITION, and the  
knowledge of how to choose an employer.
DEFINITENESS OF DECISION always requires courage, sometimes very  
great courage. The fifty-six men who signed the Declaration of Independence  
staked their lives on the DECISION to affix their signatures to that document.  
The person who reaches a DEFINITE DECISION to procure the particular job,  
and make life pay the price he asks, does not stake his life on that decision; he  
stakes his ECONOMIC FREEDOM. Financial independence, riches, desirable  
business and professional positions are not within reach of the person who  
neglects or refuses to EXPECT, PLAN, and DEMAND these things. The person  
who desires riches in the same spirit that Samuel Adams desired freedom for the  
Colonies, is sure to accumulate wealth.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   149