  THINK & GROW RICH   
From these brief references to the subject, it may be readily seen that  
ignorance on the subject of sex transmutation, forces stupendous penalties upon  
the ignorant on the one hand, and withholds from them equally stupendous  
benefits, on the other.
Widespread ignorance on the subject of sex is due to the fact that the  
subject has been surrounded with mystery and beclouded by dark silence. The  
conspiracy of mystery and silence has had the same effect upon the minds of  
young people that the psychology of prohibition had. The result has been  
increased curiosity, and desire to acquire more knowledge on this "verboten"  
subject; and to the shame of all lawmakers, and most physicians— by training  
best qualified to educate youth on that subject-information has not been easily  
available.
Seldom does an individual enter upon highly creative effort in any field of  
endeavor before the age of forty. The average man reaches the period of his  
greatest capacity to create between forty and sixty. These statements are based  
upon analysis of thousands of men and women who have been carefully  
observed. They should be encouraging to those who fail to arrive before the age  
of forty, and to those who become frightened at the approach of "old age,"  
around the forty-year mark. The years between forty and fifty are, as a rule, the  
most fruitful. Man should approach this age, not with fear and trembling, but  
with hope and eager anticipation.
If you want evidence that most men do not begin to do their best work  
before the age of forty, study the records of the most successful men known to  
the American people, and you will find it. Henry Ford had not "hit his pace" of  
achievement until he had passed the age of forty. Andrew Carnegie was well  
past forty before he began to reap the reward of his efforts. James J. Hill was still  
running a telegraph key at the age of forty. His stupendous achievements took  
place after that age. Biographies of American industrialists and financiers are  
filled with evidence that the period from forty to sixty is the most productive age  
of man. 
Between the ages of thirty and forty, man begins to learn (if he ever  
learns), the art of sex transmutation. This discovery is generally accidental, and  
more often than otherwise, the man who makes it is totally unconscious of his  
discovery. He may observe that his powers of achievement have increased  
around the age of thirty-five to forty, but in most cases, he is not familiar with the  
cause of this change; that Nature begins to harmonize the emotions of love and  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   187