  THINK & GROW RICH   
Fourth. Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire,  
and begin at once, whether you are ready or not, to put this plan  
into action.
Fifth. Write out a clear, concise statement of the amount of  
money you intend to acquire, name the time limit for its  
acquisition, state what you intend to give in return for the money,  
and describe clearly the plan through which you intend to  
accumulate it. 
Sixth. Read your written statement aloud, twice daily, once  
just before retiring at night, and once after arising in the morning.  
AS YOU READ— SEE AND FEEL AND BELIEVE YOURSELF  
ALREADY IN POSSESSION OF THE MONEY.
It is important that you follow the instructions described in these six steps.  
It is especially important that you observe, and follow the instructions in the  
sixth paragraph. You may complain that it is impossible for you to "see yourself  
in possession of money" before you actually have it. Here is where a BURNING  
DESIRE will come to your aid. If you truly DESIRE money so keenly that your  
desire is an obsession, you will have no difficulty in convincing yourself that you  
will acquire it. The object is to want money, and to become so determined to  
have it that you CONVINCE yourself you will have it. 
Only those who become "money conscious" ever accumulate great riches.  
"Money consciousness" means that the mind has become so thoroughly saturated  
with the DESIRE for money, that one can see one's self already in possession of it.
To the uninitiated, who has not been schooled in the working principles of  
the human mind, these instructions may appear impractical. It may be helpful, to  
all who fail to recognize the soundness of the six steps, to know that the  
information they convey, was received from Andrew Carnegie, who began as an  
ordinary laborer in the steel mills, but managed, despite his humble beginning,  
to make these principles yield him a fortune of considerably more than one  
hundred million dollars.
It may be of further help to know that the six steps here recommended  
were carefully scrutinized by the late Thomas A. Edison, who placed his stamp  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   32