  THINK & GROW RICH   
he asked for, because I saw he had made up his mind to stand by until he succeeded . 
Subsequent events proved that no mistake was made." 
Just what young Barnes said to Mr. Edison on that occasion was far less  
important than that which he thought. Edison, himself, said so! It could not have  
been the young man's appearance which got him his start in the Edison office, for  
that was definitely against him. It was what he THOUGHT that counted.
If the significance of this statement could be conveyed to every person  
who reads it, there would be no need for the remainder of this book.
Barnes did not get his partnership with Edison on his first interview. He  
did get a chance to work in the Edison offices, at a very nominal wage, doing  
work that was unimportant to Edison, but most important to Barnes, because it  
gave him an opportunity to display his "merchandise" where his intended  
"partner" could see it. 
Months went by. Apparently nothing happened to bring the coveted goal  
which Barnes had set up in his mind as his DEFINITE MAJOR PURPOSE. But  
something important was happening in Barnes' mind. He was constantly  
intensifying his DESIRE to become the business associate of Edison.
Psychologists have correctly said that "when one is truly ready for a thing,  
it puts in its appearance." 
Barnes was ready for a business association with Edison, moreover, he  
was DETERMINED TO REMAIN READY UNTIL HE GOT THAT WHICH HE  
WAS SEEKING. 
He did not say to himself, "Ah well, what's the use? I guess I'll change my  
mind and try for a salesman's job." But, he did say, "I came here to go into  
business with Edison, and I'll accomplish this end if it takes the remainder of my  
life." He meant it! What a different story men would have to tell if only they  
would adopt a DEFINITE PURPOSE, and stand by that purpose until it had time  
to become an all-consuming obsession!
Maybe young Barnes did not know it at the time, but his bulldog  
determination, his persistence in standing back of a single DESIRE, was destined  
to mow down all opposition, and bring him the opportunity he was seeking. 
When the opportunity came, it appeared in a different form, and from a  
different direction than Barnes had expected. That is one of the tricks of  
opportunity. It has a sly habit of slipping in by the back door, and often it comes  
disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat. Perhaps this is why so  
many fail to recognize opportunity.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   17