  THINK & GROW RICH   
For almost two years, he continued in a job not to his liking, and he would  
never have risen above that job if he had not done something about his  
dissatisfaction. He aimed, first, at the job of Assistant Sales Manager of his  
company, and got the job. That one step upward placed him high enough above  
the crowd to enable him to see still greater opportunity, also, it placed him where  
OPPORTUNITY COULD SEE HIM.
He made such a fine record selling hearing aids, that A. M. Andrews,  
Chairman of the Board of the Dictograph Products Company, a business  
competitor of the company for which Halpin worked, wanted to know  
something about that man Dan Halpin who was taking big sales away from the  
long established Dictograph Company. He sent for Halpin. When the interview  
was over, Halpin was the new Sales Manager, in charge of the Acousticon  
Division. Then, to test young Halpin's metal, Mr. Andrews went away to Florida  
for three months, leaving him to sink or swim in his new job. He did not sink!  
Knute Rockne's spirit of "All the world loves a winner, and has no time for a  
loser inspired him to put so much into his job that he was recently elected Vice-
President of the company, and General Manager of the Acousticon and Silent  
Radio Division, a job which most men would be proud to earn through ten years  
of loyal effort. Halpin turned the trick in little more than six months. 
It is difficult to say whether Mr. Andrews or Mr. Halpin is more deserving  
of eulogy, for the reason that both showed evidence of having an abundance of  
that very rare quality known as IMAGINATION. Mr. Andrews deserves credit  
for seeing, in young Halpin, a "go-getter" of the highest order. Halpin deserves  
credit for REFUSING TO COMPROMISE WITH LIFE BY ACCEPTING AND  
KEEPING A JOB HE DID NOT WANT, and that is one of the major points I am  
trying to emphasize through this entire philosophy— that we rise to high  
positions or remain at the bottom BECAUSE OF CONDITIONS WE CAN  
CONTROL IF WE DESIRE TO CONTROL THEM.
I am also trying to emphasize another point, namely, that both success and  
failure are largely the results of HABIT! I have not the slightest doubt that Dan  
Halpin's close association with the greatest football coach America ever knew,  
planted in his mind the same brand of DESIRE to excel which made the Notre  
Dame football team world famous. Truly, there is something to the idea that  
hero-worship is helpful, provided one worships a WINNER. Halpin tells me that  
Rockne was one of the world's greatest leaders of men in all history.
My belief in the theory that business associations are vital factors, both in  
failure and in success, was recently demonstrated, when my son Blair was  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   83