  THINK & GROW RICH   
become rather tired before making the round trip. Then, too, another problem  
would confront you. What would you use for money, even if you had the  
physical endurance to swim the ocean? 
To supply the sugar, you would have to take another long swim to Cuba,  
or a long walk to the sugar beet section of Utah. But even then, you might come  
back without the sugar, because organized effort and money are necessary to  
produce sugar, to say nothing of what is required to refine, transport, and deliver  
it to the breakfast table anywhere in the United States.
The eggs, you could deliver easily enough from the barn yards near New  
York City, but you would have a very long walk to Florida and return, before  
you could serve the two glasses of grapefruit juice. 
You would have another long walk, to Kansas, or one of the other wheat  
growing states, when you went after the four slices of wheat bread. 
The Rippled Wheat Biscuits would have to be omitted from the menu,  
because they would not be available except through the labor of a trained  
organization of men and suitable machinery, ALL OF WHICH CALL FOR  
CAPITAL. 
While resting, you could take off for another little swim down to South  
America, where you would pick up a couple of bananas, and on your return, you  
could take a short walk to the nearest farm having a dairy and pick up some  
butter and cream. Then your New York City family would be ready to sit down  
and enjoy breakfast, and you could collect your two dimes for your labor!
Seems absurd, doesn't it? Well, the procedure described would be the only  
possible way these simple items of food could be delivered to the heart of New  
York City, if we had no capitalistic system.
The sum of money required for the building and maintenance of the  
railroads and steam ships used in the delivery of that simple breakfast is so huge  
that it staggers one's imagination. It runs into hundreds of millions of dollars, not  
to mention the armies of trained employees required to man the ships and trains.  
But, transportation is only a part of the requirements of modern civilization in  
capitalistic America. Before there can be anything to haul, something must be  
grown from the ground, or manufactured and prepared for market. This calls for  
more millions of dollars for equipment, machinery, boxing, marketing, and for  
the wages of millions of men and women.
Steam ships and railroads do not spring up from the earth and function  
automatically. They come in response to the call of civilization, through the labor  
and ingenuity and organizing ability of men who have IMAGINATION, FAITH,  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   133