  THINK & GROW RICH   
The creative imagination functions best when the mind is vibrating (due  
to some form of mind stimulation) at an exceedingly high rate. That is, when the  
mind is functioning at a rate of vibration higher than that of ordinary, normal  
thought. 
When brain action has been stimulated, through one or more of the ten  
mind stimulants, it has the effect of lifting the individual far above the horizon of  
ordinary thought, and permits him to envision distance, scope, and quality of  
THOUGHTS not available on the lower plane, such as that occupied while one is  
engaged in the solution of the problems of business and professional routine. 
When lifted to this higher level of thought, through any form of mind  
stimulation, an individual occupies, relatively, the same position as one who has  
ascended in an airplane to a height from which he may see over and beyond the  
horizon line which limits his vision, while on the ground. Moreover, while on  
this higher level of thought, the individual is not hampered or bound by any of  
the stimuli which circumscribe and limit his vision while wrestling with the  
problems of gaining the three basic necessities of food, clothing, and shelter. He  
is in a world of thought in which the ORDINARY, work-a-day thoughts have  
been as effectively removed as are the hills and valleys and other limitations of  
physical vision, when he rises in an airplane.
While on this exalted plane of THOUGHT, the creative faculty of the mind  
is given freedom for action. The way has been cleared for the sixth sense to  
function, it becomes receptive to ideas which could not reach the individual  
under any other circumstances. The "sixth sense" is the faculty which marks the  
difference between a genius and an ordinary individual. 
The creative faculty becomes more alert and receptive to vibrations,  
originating outside the individual's subconscious mind, the more this faculty is  
used, and the more the individual relies upon it, and makes demands upon it for  
thought impulses. This faculty can be cultivated and developed only through  
use. 
That which is known as ones conscience operates entirely through the  
faculty of the sixth sense. 
The great artists, writers, musicians, and poets become great, because they  
acquire the habit of relying upon the "still small voice" which speaks from within,  
through the faculty of creative imagination. It is a fact well known to people who  
have "keen" imaginations that their best ideas come through so-called "hunches." 
There is a great orator who does not attain to greatness, until he closes his  
eyes and begins to rely entirely upon the faculty of Creative Imagination. When  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   178