  THINK & GROW RICH   
Re-Publisher's Preface
This new eBook version of “Think and Grow Rich” by Napoleon Hill has  
been made available because we truly believe that this text contains ideas and  
concepts that have the power to transform people's lives . We sincerely hope that  
this text helps you to begin YOUR journey to discovering the Riches in your life .
We have taken great effort to ensure that this text is as close to the original  
version as possible. Bringing you this free version of the eBook took several  
weeks of preparation. A great deal of time was spent sourcing the content from  
numerous sources available in the Public Domain; checking, proofing and re-
checking the material to have the correct italics (ensuring proper emphasis of the  
text is conveyed); creating graphics we hope you find visually appealing as well  
as preparing a website dedicated to the free distribution of the ideas contained in  
this book.
If you enjoy this eBook and feel it would be useful to someone you know,  
please recommend this Think and Grow Rich ebook to a friend  and help us 
continue our work in actively promoting this classic text for free. 
Please help to keep this eBook FREE by making a donation. Visit:  
http://www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com/donations/  for more information. 
eBook Distribution Rights
This eBook is a Free Digital Download PDF Edition. It may not: be sold 
individually; be distributed as part of a package intended to be sold; be copied,  
amended, broken down or offered on auction sites.
Legitimate uses of this eBook include:
1.free distribution of the complete work, using online or offline channels.
2.adding the complete works to your website(s) for download by users.
3.emailing the complete works to your loved ones, friends, colleagues,  
students, community or mailing list.
4.providing the work, in part or whole, for any educational purposes only.
5.offering this eBook as a free bonus to an opt-in mailing list or paid  
product.
Free Digital Download PDF eBook Edition 
Re-published by: 
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   iii