  THINK & GROW RICH   
Andrew Carnegie stressed this point more than others in connection with  
his description of the factors which lead to success in the marketing of personal  
services. He emphasized again, and again, the necessity for HARMONIOUS  
CONDUCT. He stressed the fact that he would not retain any man, no matter  
how great a QUANTITY, or how efficient the QUALITY of his work, unless he  
worked in a spirit of HARMONY. Mr. Carnegie insisted upon men being  
AGREEABLE.
To prove that he placed a high value upon this quality, he permitted many  
men who conformed to his standards  to become very wealthy. Those who did not  
conform, had to make room for others.
The importance of a pleasing personality has been stressed, because it is a  
factor which enables one to render service in the proper SPIRIT. If one has a  
personality which PLEASES, and renders service in a spirit of HARMONY, these  
assets often make up for deficiencies in both the QUALITY, and the QUANTITY  
of service one renders. Nothing, however, can be SUCCESSFULLY  
SUBSTITUTED FOR PLEASING CONDUCT. 
THE CAPITAL VALUE OF YOUR SERVICES
The person whose income is derived entirely from the sale of personal  
services is no less a merchant than the man who sells commodities, and it might  
well be added, such a person is subject to EXACTLY THE SAME RULES of  
conduct as the merchant who sells merchandise. 
This has been emphasized, because the majority of people who live by the  
sale of personal services make the mistake of considering themselves free from  
the rules of conduct, and the responsibilities attached to those who are engaged  
in marketing commodities. 
The new way of marketing services has practically forced both employer  
and. employee into partnership alliances, through which both take into  
consideration the rights of the third party, THE PUBLIC THEY SERVE.
The day of the "go-getter" has passed. He has been supplanted by the "go-
giver." High-pressure methods in business finally blew the lid off. There will  
never be the need to put the lid back on, because, in the future, business will be  
conducted by methods that will require no pressure. 
The actual capital value of your brains may be determined by the amount  
of income you can produce (by marketing your services). A fair estimate of the  
capital value of your services may be made by multiplying your annual income  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   119