  THINK & GROW RICH   
this principle may be made through a simple arrangement of positive thought  
impulses stated in writing, memorized, and repeated, until they become a part of  
the working equipment of the subconscious faculty of your mind.
SELF-CONFIDENCE FORMULA
First. I know that I have the ability to achieve the object of  
my Definite Purpose in life, therefore, I DEMAND of myself  
persistent, continuous action toward its attainment, and I here and  
now promise to render such action.
Second. I realize the dominating thoughts of my mind will  
eventually reproduce themselves in outward, physical action, and  
gradually transform themselves into physical reality, therefore, I  
will concentrate my thoughts for thirty minutes daily, upon the  
task of thinking of the person I intend to become, thereby creating  
in my mind a clear mental picture of that person.
Third. I know through the principle of auto-suggestion, any  
desire that I persistently hold in my mind will eventually seek  
expression through some practical means of attaining the object  
back of it, therefore, I will devote ten minutes daily to demanding  
of myself the development of SELF-CONFIDENCE.
Fourth. I have clearly written down a description of my  
DEFINITE CHIEF AIM in life, and I will never stop trying, until I  
shall have developed sufficient self-confidence for its attainment.
Fifth. I fully realize that no wealth or position can long  
endure, unless built upon truth and justice, therefore, I will engage  
in no transaction which does not benefit all whom it affects. I will  
succeed by attracting to myself the forces I wish to use, and the  
cooperation of other people. I will induce others to serve me,  
because of my willingness to serve others. I will eliminate hatred,  
envy, jealousy, selfishness, and cynicism, by developing love for all  
humanity, because I know that a negative attitude toward others  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   52