  THINK & GROW RICH   
"The man who has been active on the campus, whose personality is such  
that he gets along with all kinds of people and who has done an adequate job  
with his studies has a most decided edge over the strictly academic student.  
Some of these, because of their all-around qualifications, have received several  
offers of positions, a few of them as many as six. 
"In departing from the conception that the 'straight A' student was  
invariably the one to get the choice of the better jobs, Mr. Moore said that most  
companies look not only to academic records but to activity records and  
personalities of the students. 
"One of the largest industrial companies, the leader in its field, in writing  
to Mr. Moore concerning prospective seniors at the college, said:
"' We are interested primarily in finding men who can make exceptional  
progress in management work. For this reason we emphasize qualities of  
character, intelligence and personality far more than specific educational  
background.' 
"APPRENTICESHIP' PROPOSED
"Proposing a system of 'apprenticing' students in offices, stores and  
industrial occupations during the summer vacation, Mr. Moore asserts that after  
the first two or three years of college, every student should be asked 'to choose a  
definite future course and to call a halt if he has been merely pleasantly drifting  
without purpose through an unspecialized academic curriculum.'
"Colleges and universities must face the practical consideration that all  
professions and occupations now demand specialists," he said, urging that  
educational institutions accept more direct responsibility for vocational  
guidance. One of the most reliable and practical sources of knowledge available  
to those who need specialized schooling, is the night schools operated in most  
large cities. The correspondence schools give specialized training anywhere the  
U. S. mails go, on all subjects that can be taught by the extension method. One  
advantage of home study training is the flexibility of the study programme  
which permits one to study during spare time. Another stupendous advantage of  
home study training (if the school is carefully chosen), is the fact that most  
courses offered by home study schools carry with them generous privileges of  
consultation which can be of priceless value to those needing specialized  
knowledge. No matter where you live, you can share the benefits. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   77