  THINK & GROW RICH   
These names represent but a small fraction of the hundreds of well known  
Americans whose achievements, financially and otherwise, prove that those who  
understand and apply the Carnegie secret, reach high stations in life. I have  
never known anyone who was inspired to use the secret, who did not achieve  
noteworthy success in his chosen calling. I have never known any person to  
distinguish himself, or to accumulate riches of any consequence, without  
possession of the secret. From these two facts I draw the conclusion that the  
secret is more important, as a part of the knowledge essential for self-
determination, than any which one receives through what is popularly known as  
"education."
What is EDUCATION, anyway? This has been answered in full detail. 
As far as schooling is concerned, many of these men had very little. John  
Wanamaker once told me that what little schooling he had, he acquired in very  
much the same manner as a modern loco-motive takes on water, by "scooping it  
up as it runs." Henry Ford never reached high school, let alone college. I am not  
attempting to minimize the value of schooling, but I am trying to express my  
earnest belief that those who master and apply the secret will reach high stations,  
accumulate riches, and bargain with life on their own terms, even if their  
schooling has been meager.
Somewhere, as you read, the secret to which I refer will jump from the  
page and stand boldly before you, IF YOU ARE READY FOR IT! When it  
appears, you will recognize it. Whether you receive the sign in the first or the last  
chapter, stop for a moment when it presents itself, and turn down a glass, for that  
occasion will mark the most important turning-point of your life. 
We pass now, to Chapter One, and to the story of my very dear friend,  
who has generously acknowledged having seen the mystic sign, and whose  
business achievements are evidence enough that he turned down a glass. As you  
read his story, and the others, remember that they deal with the important  
problems of life, such as all men experience.
The problems arising from one's endeavor to earn a living, to find hope,  
courage, contentment and peace of mind; to accumulate riches and to enjoy  
freedom of body and spirit.
Remember, too, as you go through the book, that it deals with facts and  
not with fiction, its purpose being to convey a great universal truth through  
which all who are READY may learn, not only WHAT TO DO, BUT ALSO HOW  
TO DO IT! and receive, as well, THE NEEDED STIMULUS TO MAKE A START. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   14