  THINK & GROW RICH   
mind acts upon, and passes on to Infinite Intelligence. Likewise, that is the  
emotion which Infinite Intelligence receives, and ACTS UPON. 
If you pray for a thing, but have fear as you pray, that you may not receive  
it, or that your prayer will not be acted upon by Infinite Intelligence, your prayer  
will have been in vain .
Prayer does, sometimes, result in the realization of that for which one  
prays. If you have ever had the experience of receiving that for which YOU  
prayed, go back in your memory, and recall your actual STATE OF MIND, while  
you were praying, and you will know, for sure, that the theory here described is  
more than a theory.
The time will come when the schools and educational institutions of the  
country will teach the "science of prayer." Moreover, then prayer may be, and  
will be reduced to a science. When that time comes, (it will come as soon as  
mankind is ready for it, and demands it), no one will approach the Universal  
Mind in a state of fear, for the very good reason that there will be no such  
emotion as fear. Ignorance, superstition, and false teaching will have  
disappeared, and man will have attained his true status as a child of Infinite  
Intelligence. A few have already attained this blessing.
If you believe this prophesy is far-fetched, take a look at the human race in  
retrospect. Less than a hundred years ago, men believed the lightning to be  
evidence of the wrath of God, and feared it. Now, thanks to the power of FAITH,  
men have harnessed the lightning and made it turn the wheels of industry. Much  
less than a hundred years ago, men believed the space between the planets to be  
nothing but a great void, a stretch of dead nothingness. Now, thanks to this same  
power of FAITH, men know that far from being either dead or a void, the space  
between the planets is very much alive, that it is the highest form of vibration  
known, excepting, perhaps, the vibration of THOUGHT. Moreover, men know  
that this living, pulsating, vibratory energy which permeates every atom of  
matter, and fills every niche of space, connects every human brain with every  
other human brain. 
What reason have men to believe that this same energy does not connect  
every human brain with Infinite Intelligence? 
There are no toll-gates between the finite mind of man and Infinite  
Intelligence. The communication costs nothing except Patience, Faith,  
Persistence, Understanding, and a SINCERE DESIRE to communicate. Moreover,  
the approach can be made only by the individual himself. Paid prayers are  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   199