  THINK & GROW RICH   
The next question will be, "Are there known sources of knowledge which  
are available only to genii, and if so, WHAT ARE THESE SOURCES, and exactly  
how may they be reached?" 
We shall offer proof of the soundness of some of the more important  
statements made in this book— or at least we shall offer evidence through which  
you may secure your own proof through experimentation, and in doing so, we  
shall answer both of these questions. 
"GENIUS" IS DEVELOPED THROUGH THE  
SIXTH SENSE
The reality of a "sixth sense" has been fairly well established. This sixth  
sense is "Creative Imagination." The faculty of creative imagination is one which  
the majority of people never use during an entire lifetime, and if used at all, it  
usually happens by mere accident. A relatively small number of people use,  
WITH DELIBERATION AND PURPOSE AFORETHOUGHT, the faculty of  
creative imagination. Those who use this faculty voluntarily, and with  
understanding of its functions, are GENII.
The faculty of creative imagination is the direct link between the finite  
mind of man and Infinite Intelligence. All so-called revelations, referred to in the  
realm of religion, and all discoveries of basic or new principles in the field of  
invention, take place through the faculty of creative imagination. 
When ideas or concepts flash into one's mind, through what is popularly  
called a "hunch," they come from one or more of the following sources:— 
1. Infinite Intelligence 
2. One's subconscious mind, wherein is stored every sense  
impression and thought impulse which ever reached the brain  
through any of the five senses
3. From the mind of some other person who has just released the  
thought, or picture of the idea or concept, through conscious  
thought, or
4. From the other person's subconscious storehouse. 
There are no other KNOWN sources from which "inspired" ideas or  
"hunches" may be received. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   177