  THINK & GROW RICH   
THOMAS JEFFERSON
ELBERT HUBBARD 
ELBERT H. GARY
OSCAR WILDE 
WOODROW WILSON
JOHN H. PATTERSON 
ANDREW JACKSON
ENRICO CARUSO
Your own knowledge of biography will enable you to add to this list.  
Find, if you can, a single man, in all history of civilization, who achieved  
outstanding success in any calling, who was not driven by a well developed sex  
nature. 
If you do not wish to rely upon biographies of men not now living, take  
inventory of those whom you know to be men of great achievement, and see if  
you can find one among them who is not highly sexed. 
Sex energy is the creative energy of all genii. There never has been, and never  
will be a great leader, builder, or artist lacking in this driving force of sex. 
Surely no one will misunderstand these statements to mean that ALL who  
are highly sexed are genii! Man attains to the status of a genius ONLY when, and  
IF, he stimulates his mind so that it draws upon the forces available, through the  
creative faculty of the imagination. Chief among the stimuli with which this  
"stepping up" of the vibrations may be produced is sex energy. The mere  
possession of this energy is not sufficient to produce a genius. The energy must be  
transmuted from desire for physical contact, into some other form of desire and  
action, before it will lift one to the status of a genius. 
Far from becoming genii, because of great sex desires, the majority of men  
lower themselves, through misunderstanding and misuse of this great force, to  
the status of the lower animals. 
WHY MEN SELDOM SUCCEED BEFORE FORTY
I discovered, from the analysis of over 25,000 people, that men who  
succeed in an outstanding way, seldom do so before the age of forty, and more  
often they do not strike their real pace until they are well beyond the age of fifty.  
This fact was so astounding that it prompted me to go into the study of its cause  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   182