  THINK & GROW RICH   
PUBLISHER'S PREFACE
THIS book conveys the experience of more than 500 men of great wealth,  
who began at scratch, with nothing to give in return for riches except  
THOUGHTS, IDEAS and ORGANIZED PLANS.
Here you have the entire philosophy of moneymaking, just as it was  
organized from the actual achievements of the most successful men known to the  
American people during the past fifty years. It describes WHAT TO DO, also,  
HOW TO DO IT! 
It presents complete instructions on HOW TO SELL YOUR PERSONAL  
SERVICES. 
It provides you with a perfect system of self-analysis that will readily  
disclose what has been standing between you and "the big money" in the past. 
It describes the famous Andrew Carnegie formula of personal  
achievement by which he accumulated hundreds of millions of dollars for  
himself and made no fewer than a score of millionaires of men to whom he  
taught his secret. 
Perhaps you do not need all that is to be found in the book— no one of the  
500 men from whose experiences it was written did— but you may need ONE  
IDEA, PLAN OR SUGGESTION to start you toward your goal. Somewhere in  
the book you will find this needed stimulus. 
The book was inspired by Andrew Carnegie, after he had made his  
millions and retired. It was written by the man to whom Carnegie disclosed the  
astounding secret of his riches— the same man to whom the 500 wealthy men  
revealed the source of their riches. 
In this volume will be found the thirteen principles of money-making  
essential to every person who accumulates sufficient money to guarantee  
financial independence. It is estimated that the research which went into the  
preparation, before the book was written, or could be written— research  
covering more than twenty-five years of continuous effort— could not be  
duplicated at a cost of less than $100,000.00. 
Moreover, the knowledge contained in the book never can be duplicated,  
at any cost, for the reason that more than half of the 500 men who supplied the  
information it brings have passed on.
Riches cannot always be measured in money!
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   8