  THINK & GROW RICH   
Every night, over a long period of years, I held an imaginary Council  
meeting with this group whom I called my "Invisible Counselors." 
The procedure was this. Just before going to sleep at night, I would shut  
my eyes, and see, in my imagination, this group of men seated with me around  
my Council Table. Here I had not only an opportunity to sit among those whom I  
considered to be great, but I actually dominated the group, by serving as the  
Chairman.
I had a very DEFINITE PURPOSE in indulging my imagination through  
these nightly meetings. My purpose was to rebuild my own character so it would  
represent a composite of the characters of my imaginary counselors. Realizing, as  
I did, early in life, that I had to overcome the handicap of birth in an environment  
of ignorance and superstition, I deliberately assigned myself the task of  
voluntary rebirth through the method here described. 
BUILDING CHARACTER THROUGH AUTO-SUGGESTION
Being an earnest student of psychology, I knew, of course, that all men  
have become what they are, because of their DOMINATING THOUGHTS AND  
DESIRES. I knew that every deeply seated desire has the effect of causing one to  
seek outward expression through which that desire may be transmuted into  
reality. I knew that self-suggestion is a powerful factor in building character, that  
it is, in fact, the sole principle through which character is builded.
With this knowledge of the principles of mind operation, I was fairly well  
armed with the equipment needed in rebuilding my character. In these  
imaginary Council meetings I called on my Cabinet members for the knowledge  
I wished each to contribute, addressing myself to each member in audible words,  
as follows:
"Mr. Emerson, I desire to acquire from you the marvelous understanding  
of Nature which distinguished your life. I ask that you make an impress upon  
my subconscious mind, of whatever qualities you possessed, which enabled you  
to understand and adapt yourself to the laws of Nature. I ask that you assist me  
in reaching and drawing upon whatever sources of knowledge are available to  
this end. 
"Mr. Burbank, I request that you pass on to me the knowledge which  
enabled you to so harmonize the laws of Nature that you caused the cactus to  
shed its thorns, and become an edible food. Give me access to the knowledge  
which enabled you to make two blades of grass grow where but one grew before,  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   210