  THINK & GROW RICH   
service, merchandise, or profession which you intend to offer in return for  
fortune. Perhaps you may need much more specialized knowledge than you  
have the ability or the inclination to acquire, and if this should be true, you may  
bridge your weakness through the aid of your "Master Mind" group. 
Andrew Carnegie stated that he, personally, knew nothing about the  
technical end of the steel business; moreover, he did not particularly care to  
know anything about it. The specialized knowledge which he required for the  
manufacture and marketing of steel, he found available through the individual  
units of his MASTER MIND GROUP. 
The accumulation of great fortunes calls for POWER, and power is  
acquired through highly organized and intelligently directed specialized  
knowledge, but that knowledge does not, necessarily, have to be in the  
possession of the man who accumulates the fortune.
The preceding paragraph should give hope and encouragement to the  
man with ambition to accumulate a fortune, who has not possessed himself of  
the necessary "education" to supply such specialized knowledge as he may  
require. Men sometimes go through life suffering from "inferiority complexes,"  
because they are not men of "education." The man who can organize and direct a  
"Master Mind" group of men who possess knowledge useful in the accumulation  
of money, is just as much a man of education as any man in the group.  
REMEMBER THIS, if you suffer from a feeling of inferiority, because your  
schooling has been limited.
Thomas A. Edison had only three months of "schooling" during his entire  
life. He did not lack education, neither did he die poor.
Henry Ford had less than a sixth grade "schooling" but he has managed to  
do pretty well by himself, financially. 
SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE is among the most plentiful, and the  
cheapest forms of service which may be had! If you doubt this, consult the  
payroll of any university. 
IT PAYS TO KNOW HOW TO PURCHASE KNOWLEDGE
First of all, decide the sort of specialized knowledge you require, and the  
purpose for which it is needed. To a large extent your major purpose in life, the  
goal toward which you are working, will help determine what knowledge you  
need. With this question settled, your next move requires that you have accurate  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   75