  THINK & GROW RICH   
EVERY ADVERSITY BRINGS WITH IT THE SEED OF AN EQUIVALENT  
ADVANTAGE, I must confess that I had not the slightest idea how this affliction 
could ever become an asset. However, I continued my practice of wrapping that  
philosophy in bedtime stories, hoping the time would come when he would find  
some plan by which his handicap could be made to serve some useful purpose.
Reason told me plainly, that there was no adequate compensation for the lack of  
ears and natural hearing equipment. DESIRE backed by FAITH, pushed reason  
aside, and inspired me to carry on. 
As I analyze the experience in retrospect, I can see now, that my son's faith 
in me had much to do with the astounding results. He did not question anything I  
told him. I sold him the idea that he had a distinct advantage over his older 
brother, and that this advantage would reflect itself in many ways. For example,  
the teachers in school would observe that he had no ears, and, because of this,  
they would show him special attention and treat him with extraordinary  
kindness. They always did. His mother saw to that, by visiting the teachers and  
arranging with them to give the child the extra attention necessary. I sold him the  
idea, too, that when he became old enough to sell newspapers, (his older brother  
had already become a newspaper merchant), he would have a big advantage  
over his brother, for the reason that people would pay him extra money for his  
wares, because they could see that he was a bright, industrious boy, despite the  
fact he had no ears. 
We could notice that, gradually, the child's hearing was improving.  
Moreover, he had not the slightest tendency to be self-conscious, because of his  
affliction. When he was about seven, he showed the first evidence that our  
method of servicing his mind was bearing fruit. For several months he begged  
for the privilege of selling newspapers, but his mother would not give her  
consent. She was afraid that his deafness made it unsafe for him to go on the  
street alone. 
Finally, he took matters in his own hands. One afternoon, when he was  
left at home with the servants, he climbed through the kitchen window, shinnied  
to the ground, and set out on his own. He borrowed six cents in capital from the  
neighborhood shoemaker, invested it in papers, sold out, reinvested, and kept  
repeating until late in the evening. After balancing his accounts, and paying back  
the six cents he had borrowed from his banker, he had a net profit of forty-two  
cents. When we got home that night, we found him in bed asleep, with the  
money tightly clenched in his hand. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   40