  THINK & GROW RICH   
later date during a similar meeting of Chicago bankers. And still later, when the  
Government brought suit to dissolve the Steel Trust, he gave his own version,  
from the witness stand, of the remarks that stimulated Morgan into a frenzy of  
financial activity.
"It is probable, however, that it was a 'homely' speech, somewhat  
ungrammatical (for the niceties of language never bothered Schwab), full of  
epigram and threaded with wit. But aside from that it had a galvanic force and  
effect upon the five billions of estimated capital that was represented by the  
diners. After it was over and the gathering was still under its spell, although  
Schwab had talked for ninety minutes, Morgan led the orator to a recessed  
window where, dangling their legs from the high, uncomfortable seat, they  
talked for an hour more.
"The magic of the Schwab personality had been turned on, full force, but  
what was more important and lasting was the full-fledged, clear-cut program he  
laid down for the aggrandizement of Steel. Many other men had tried to interest  
Morgan in slapping together a steel trust after the pattern of the biscuit, wire and  
hoop, sugar, rubber, whisky, oil or chewing gum combinations. John W. Gates,  
the gambler, had urged it, but Morgan distrusted him. The Moore boys, Bill and  
Jim, Chicago stock jobbers who had glued together a match trust and a cracker  
corporation, had urged it and failed. Elbert H. Gary, the sanctimonious country  
lawyer, wanted to foster it, but he wasn't big enough to be impressive. Until  
Schwab's eloquence took J. P. Morgan to the heights from which he could  
visualize the solid results of the most daring financial undertaking ever  
conceived, the project was regarded as a delirious dream of easy-money  
crackpots. 
"The financial magnetism that began, a generation ago, to attract  
thousands of small and sometimes inefficiently managed companies into large  
and competition-crushing combinations, had become operative in the steel world  
through the devices of that jovial business pirate, John W. Gates. Gates already  
had formed the American Steel and Wire Company out of a chain of small  
concerns, and together with Morgan had created the Federal Steel Company. The  
National Tube and American Bridge companies were two more Morgan  
concerns, and the Moore Brothers had forsaken the match and cookie business to  
form the 'American' group— Tin Plate, Steel Hoop, Sheet Steel— and the  
National Steel Company.
"But by the side of Andrew Carnegie's gigantic vertical trust, a trust  
owned and operated by fifty-three partners, those other combinations were  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   59