  THINK & GROW RICH   
The human mind responds to stimuli, through which it may be "keyed up"  
to high rates of vibration, known as enthusiasm, creative imagination, intense  
desire, etc. The stimuli to which the mind responds most freely are:— 
1. The desire for sex expression 
2. Love 
3. A burning desire for fame, power, or financial gain, MONEY
4. Music 
5. Friendship between either those of the same sex, or those of the  
opposite sex. 
6. A Master Mind alliance based upon the harmony of two or more people  
who ally themselves for spiritual or temporal advancement.
7. Mutual suffering, such as that experienced by people who are  
persecuted. 
8. Auto-suggestion 
9. Fear
10. Narcotics and alcohol. 
The desire for sex expression comes at the head of the list of stimuli, which  
most effectively "stepup" the vibrations of the mind and start the "wheels" of  
physical action. Eight of these stimuli are natural and constructive. Two are  
destructive. The list is here presented for the purpose of enabling you to make a  
comparative study of the major sources of mind stimulation. From this study, it  
will be readily seen that the emotion of sex is, by great odds, the most intense  
and powerful of all mind stimuli. 
This comparison is necessary as a foundation for proof of the statement  
that transmutation of sex energy may lift one to the status of a genius. Let us find  
out what constitutes a genius. 
Some wiseacre has said that a genius is a man who "wears long hair, eats  
queer food, lives alone, and serves as a target for the joke makers." A better  
definition of a genius is, "a man who has discovered how to increase the  
vibrations of thought to the point where he can freely communicate with sources  
of knowledge not available through the ordinary rate of vibration of thought."
The person who thinks will want to ask some questions concerning this  
definition of genius. The first question will be, "How may one communicate with  
sources of knowledge which are not available through the ORDINARY rate of  
vibration of thought?" 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   176