  THINK & GROW RICH   
falsely believing one's self to be "slipping" because of age. (The  
truth is that man's most useful years, mentally and spiritually, are  
those between forty and sixty). 
The habit of speaking apologetically of one's self as "being  
old" merely because one has reached the age of forty, or fifty,  
instead of reversing the rule and expressing gratitude for having  
reached the age of wisdom and understanding. 
The habit of killing off initiative, imagination, and self-
reliance by falsely believing one's self too old to exercise these  
qualities. The habit of the man or woman of forty dressing with the  
aim of trying to appear much younger, and affecting mannerisms  
of youth; thereby inspiring ridicule by both friends and strangers. 
THE FEAR OF DEATH
To some this is the cruelest of all the basic fears. The reason is obvious.  
The terrible pangs of fear associated with the thought of death, in the majority of  
cases, may be charged directly to religious fanaticism. So-called "heathen" are  
less afraid of death than the more "civilized." For hundreds of millions of years  
man has been asking the still unanswered questions, "whence" and "whither."  
Where did I come from, and where am I going? 
During the darker ages of the past, the more cunning and crafty were not  
slow to offer the answer to these questions, FOR A PRICE. Witness, now, the  
major source of origin of the FEAR OF DEATH.
"Come into my tent, embrace my faith, accept my dogmas, and I will give  
you a ticket that will admit you straightaway into heaven when you die," cries a  
leader of sectarianism. "Remain out of my tent," says the same leader, "and may  
the devil take you and burn you throughout eternity." 
ETERNITY is a long time. FIRE is a terrible thing. The thought of eternal  
punishment, with fire, not only causes man to fear death, it often causes him to  
lose his reason. It destroys interest in life and makes happiness impossible.
During my research, I reviewed a book entitled "A Catalogue of the  
Gods," in which were listed the 30,000 gods which man has worshiped. Think of  
it! Thirty thousand of them, represented by everything from a crawfish to a man.  
It is little wonder that men have become frightened at the approach of death. 
While the religious leader may not be able to provide safe conduct into  
heaven, nor, by lack of such provision, allow the unfortunate to descend into  
hell, the possibility of the latter seems so terrible that the very thought of it lays  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   234