  THINK & GROW RICH   
that you have a WILL-POWER, and put it into constant use, until it builds a wall  
of immunity against negative influences in your own mind. 
Recognize the fact that you, and every other human being, are, by nature,  
lazy, indifferent, and susceptible to all suggestions which harmonize with your  
weaknesses. 
Recognize that you are, by nature, susceptible to all the six basic fears, and  
set up. habits for the purpose of counteracting all these fears.
Recognize that negative influences often work on you through your  
subconscious mind, therefore they are difficult to detect, and keep your mind  
closed against all people who depress or discourage you in any way. 
Clean out your medicine chest, throw away all pill bottles, and stop  
pandering to colds, aches, pains and imaginary illness.
Deliberately seek the company of people who influence you to THINK  
AND ACT FOR YOURSELF.
Do not EXPECT troubles as they have a tendency not to dissappoint.
Without doubt, the most common weakness of all human beings is the habit of  
leaving their minds open to the negative influence of other people.  This weakness is all  
the more damaging, because most people do not recognize that they are cursed  
by it, and many who acknowledge it, neglect or refuse to correct the evil until it  
becomes an uncontrollable part of their daily habits.
To aid those who wish to see themselves as they really are, the following  
list of questions has been prepared. Read the questions and state your answers  
aloud, so you can hear your own voice. This will make it easier for you to be  
truthful with yourself. 
SELF-ANALYSIS TEST QUESTIONS
Do you complain often of "feeling bad," and if so, what is the  
cause?
Do you find fault with other people at the slightest  
provocation? 
Do you frequently make mistakes in your work, and if so,  
why?
Are you sarcastic and offensive in your conversation? 
Do you deliberately avoid the association of anyone, and if  
so, why? 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   240