  THINK & GROW RICH   
We often hear politicians proclaiming the freedom of America, when they  
solicit votes, but seldom do they take the time or devote sufficient effort to the  
analysis of the source or nature of this "freedom." Having no axe to grind, no  
grudge to express, no ulterior motives to be carried out, I have the privilege of  
going into a frank analysis of that mysterious, abstract, greatly misunderstood  
"SOMETHING" which gives to every citizen of America more blessings, more  
opportunities to accumulate wealth, more freedom of every nature, than may be  
found in any other country.
I have the right to analyze the source and nature of this UNSEEN POWER,  
because I know, and have known for more than a quarter of a century, many of  
the men who organized that power, and many who are now responsible for its  
maintenance. 
The name of this mysterious benefactor of mankind is CAPITAL! 
CAPITAL consists not alone of money, but more particularly of highly  
organized, intelligent groups of men who plan ways and means of using money  
efficiently for the good of the public, and profitably to themselves. 
These groups consist of scientists, educators, chemists, inventors, business  
analysts, publicity men, transportation experts, accountants, lawyers, doctors,  
and both men and women who have highly specialized knowledge in all fields of  
industry and business. They pioneer, experiment, and blaze trails in new fields of  
endeavor. They support colleges, hospitals, public schools, build good roads,  
publish newspapers, pay most of the cost of government, and take care of the  
multitudinous detail essential to human progress. Stated briefly, the capitalists  
are the brains of civilization, because they supply the entire fabric of which all  
education, enlightenment and human progress consists.
Money, without brains, always is dangerous. Properly used, it is the most  
important essential of civilization. The simple breakfast here described could not  
have been delivered to the New York family at a dime each, or at any other price , if 
organized capital had not provided the machinery, the ships, the railroads, and  
the huge armies of trained men to operate them. 
Some slight idea of the importance of ORGANIZED CAPITAL may be  
had by trying to imagine yourself burdened with the responsibility of collecting,  
without the aid of capital, and delivering to the New York City family, the  
simple breakfast described. 
To supply the tea, you would have to make a trip to China or India, both a  
very long way from America. Unless you are an excellent swimmer, you would  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   132