  THINK & GROW RICH   
followed the custom of clandestine liaison which has prevailed in Europe for  
centuries, without giving up either his throne, or the woman of his choice, and  
there would have been NO COMPLAINT FROM EITHER CHURCH OR LAITY.  
ut this unusual man was built of sterner stuff. His love was clean. It was deep  
and sincere. It represented the one thing which, above ALL ELSE he truly  
DESIRED, therefore, he took what he wanted, and paid the price demanded.
If Europe had been blessed with more rulers with the human heart and  
the traits of honesty of ex-king Edward, for the past century, that unfortunate  
hemisphere now seething with greed, hate, lust, political connivance, and threats  
of war, would have a DIFFERENT AND A BETTER STORY TO TELL. A story in  
which Love and not Hate would rule. 
In the words of Stuart Austin Wier we raise our cup and drink this toast to  
ex-king Edward and Wallis Simpson: 
"Blessed is the man who has come to know that our muted thoughts are  
our sweetest thoughts. 
"Blessed is the man who, from the blackest depths, can see the luminous  
figure of LOVE, and seeing, sing; and singing, say: 'Sweeter far than uttered lays  
are the thoughts I have of you. '" 
In these words would we pay tribute to the two people who, more than all  
others of modern times, have been the victims of criticism and the recipients of  
abuse, because they found Life's greatest treasure, and claimed it. * Mrs. Simpson 
read and approved this analysis.
Most of the world will applaud the Duke of Windsor and Wallis Simpson,  
because of their PERSISTENCE in searching until they found life's greatest  
reward. ALL OF US CAN PROFIT by following their example in our own search  
for that which we demand of life.
What mystical power gives to men of PERSISTENCE the capacity to  
master difficulties? Does the quality of PERSISTENCE set up in one's mind some  
form of spiritual, mental or chemical activity which gives one access to  
supernatural forces? Does Infinite Intelligence throw itself on the side of the  
person who still fights on, after the battle has been lost, with the whole world on  
the opposing side?
These and many other similar questions have arisen in my mind as I have  
observed men like Henry Ford, who started at scratch, and built an Industrial  
Empire of huge proportions, with little else in the way of a beginning but  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   163