  THINK & GROW RICH   
2. LACK OF A WELL-DEFINED PURPOSE IN LIFE. There is  
no hope of success for the person who does not have a central  
purpose, or definite goal at which to aim. Ninety-eight out of every  
hundred of those whom I have analyzed, had no such aim. Perhaps  
this was the 
3. LACK OF AMBITION TO AIM ABOVE MEDIOCRITY.  
We offer no hope for the person who is so indifferent as not to want  
to get ahead in life, and who is not willing to pay the price.
4. INSUFFICIENT EDUCATION. This is a handicap which  
may be overcome with comparative ease. Experience has proven  
that the best-educated people are often those who are known as  
"self-made," or self-educated. It takes more than a college degree to  
make one a person of education. Any person who is educated is  
one who has learned to get whatever he wants in life without  
violating the rights of others. Education consists, not so much of  
knowledge, but of knowledge effectively and persistently  
APPLIED. Men are paid, not merely for what they know, but more  
particularly for WHAT THEY DO WITH THAT WHICH THEY  
KNOW. 
5. LACK OF SELF-DISCIPLINE. Discipline comes through  
self-control. This means that one must control all negative qualities.  
Before you can control conditions, you must first control yourself.  
Self-mastery is the hardest job you will ever tackle. If you do not  
conquer self, you will be conquered by self. You may see at one and  
the same time both your best friend and your greatest enemy, by  
stepping in front of a mirror.
6. ILL HEALTH. No person may enjoy outstanding success  
without good health. Many of the causes of ill health are subject to  
mastery and control. These, in the main are: 
a. Overeating of foods not conducive to health
b. Wrong habits of thought; giving expression to  
negatives. 
c. Wrong use of, and over indulgence in sex. 
d. Lack of proper physical exercise 
e. An inadequate supply of fresh air, due to improper  
breathing.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   121