  THINK & GROW RICH   
induce me to abandon the righteous cause of my Country. And, TELL  
GOVERNOR GAGE IT IS THE ADVICE OF SAMUEL ADAMS TO HIM, no  
longer to insult the feelings of an exasperated people."
Comment as to the character of this man seems unnecessary. It must be  
obvious to all who read this astounding message that its sender possessed  
loyalty of the highest order. This is important. (Racketeers and dishonest  
politicians have prostituted the honor for which such men as Adams died).
When Governor Gage received Adams' caustic reply, he flew into a rage,  
and issued a proclamation which read, "I do, hereby, in his majesty's name, offer  
and promise his most gracious pardon to all persons who shall forthwith lay  
down their arms, and return to the duties of peaceable subjects, excepting only  
from the benefit of such pardon, SAMUEL ADAMS AND JOHN HANCOCK,  
whose offences are of too flagitious a nature to admit of any other consideration  
but that of condign punishment." 
As one might say, in modern slang, Adams and Hancock were "on the  
spot!" The threat of the irate Governor forced the two men to reach another  
DECISION, equally as dangerous. They hurriedly called a secret meeting of their  
staunchest followers. (Here the Master Mind began to take on momentum). After  
the meeting had been called to order, Adams locked the door, placed the key in  
his pocket, and informed all present that it was imperative that a Congress of the  
Colonists be organized, and that NO MAN SHOULD LEAVE THE ROOM  
UNTIL THE DECISION FOR SUCH A CONGRESS HAD BEEN REACHED. 
Great excitement followed. Some weighed the possible consequences of  
such radicalism. (Old Man Fear). Some expressed grave doubt as to the wisdom  
of so definite a decision in defiance of the Crown. Locked in that room were TWO  
MEN immune to Fear, blind to the possibility of Failure. Hancock and Adams.  
Through the influence of their minds, the others were induced to agree that,  
through the Correspondence Committee, arrangements should be made for a  
meeting of the First Continental Congress, to be held in Philadelphia, September  
5, 1774.
Remember this date. It is more important than July 4, 1776. If there had  
been no DECISION to hold a Continental Congress, there could have been no  
signing of the Declaration of Independence. 
Before the first meeting of the new Congress, another leader, in a different  
section of the country was deep in the throes of publishing a "Summary View of  
the Rights of British America." He was Thomas Jefferson, of the Province of  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   146