  THINK & GROW RICH   
home has in him those qualities which make for leadership. This recognition is  
not a charitable gesture, it is sound business judgment upon the part of the  
employers.
There is one weakness in people for which there is no remedy. It is the  
universal weakness of LACK OF AMBITION! Persons, especially salaried people,  
who schedule their spare time, to provide for home study, seldom remain at the  
bottom very long. Their action opens the way for the upward climb, removes  
many obstacles from their path, and gains the friendly interest of those who have  
the power to put them in the way of OPPORTUNITY. 
The home study method of training is especially suited to the needs of  
employed people who find, after leaving school, that they must acquire  
additional specialized knowledge, but cannot spare the time to go back to school.  
The changed economic conditions prevailing since the depression have  
made it necessary for thousands of people to find additional, or new sources of  
income. For the majority of these, the solution to their problem may be found  
only by acquiring specialized knowledge. Many will be forced to change their  
occupations entirely. When a merchant finds that a certain line of merchandise is  
not selling, he usually supplants it with another that is in demand. The person  
whose business is that of marketing personal services must also be an efficient  
merchant. If his services do not bring adequate returns in one occupation, he  
must change to another, where broader opportunities are available. 
Stuart Austin Wier prepared himself as a Construction Engineer and  
followed this line of work until the depression limited his market to where it did  
not give him the income he required. He took inventory of himself, decided to  
change his profession to law, went back to school and took special courses by  
which he prepared himself as a corporation lawyer. Despite the fact the  
depression had not ended, he completed his training, passed the Bar  
Examination, and quickly built a lucrative law practice, in Dallas, Texas; in fact  
he is turning away clients.
Just to keep the record straight, and to anticipate the alibis of those who  
will say, "I couldn't go to school because I have a family to support," or "I'm too  
old," I will add the information that Mr. Wier was past forty, and married when  
he went back to school. Moreover, by carefully selecting highly specialized  
courses, in colleges best prepared to teach the subjects chosen, Mr. Wier  
completed in two years the work for which the majority of law students require  
four years. IT PAYS TO KNOW HOW TO PURCHASE KNOWLEDGE! 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   79