  THINK & GROW RICH   
The imaginative faculty functions in two forms. One is known as  
"synthetic imagination," and the other as "creative imagination."
SYNTHETIC IMAGINATION: — Through this faculty, one may arrange  
old concepts, ideas, or plans into new combinations. This faculty creates nothing.  
It merely works with the material of experience, education, and observation with  
which it is fed. It is the faculty used most by the inventor, with the exception of  
the who draws upon the creative imagination, when he cannot solve his problem  
through synthetic imagination. 
CREATIVE IMAGINATION: — Through the faculty of creative imagination,  
the finite mind of man has direct communication with Infinite Intelligence. It is  
the faculty through which "hunches" and "inspirations" are received. It is by this  
faculty that all basic, or new ideas are handed over to man. 
It is through this faculty that thought vibrations from the minds of others  
are received. It is through this faculty that one individual may "tune in," or  
communicate with the subconscious minds of other men.
The creative imagination works automatically, in the manner described in  
subsequent pages. This faculty functions ONLY when the conscious mind is  
vibrating at an exceedingly rapid rate, as for example, when the conscious mind  
is stimulated through the emotion of a strong desire.
The creative faculty becomes more alert, more receptive to vibrations from  
the sources mentioned, in proportion to its development through USE. This  
statement is significant! Ponder over it before passing on. 
Keep in mind as you follow these principles, that the entire story of how  
one may convert DESIRE into money cannot be told in one statement. The story  
will be complete, only when one has MASTERED, ASSIMILATED, and BEGUN  
TO MAKE USE of all the principles. 
The great leaders of business, industry, finance, and the great artists,  
musicians, poets, and writers became great, because they developed the faculty  
of creative imagination. 
Both the synthetic and creative faculties of imagination become more alert  
with use, just as any muscle or organ of the body develops through use. 
Desire is only a thought, an impulse. It is nebulous and ephemeral. It is  
abstract, and of no value, until it has been transformed into its physical  
counterpart. While the synthetic imagination is the one which will be used most  
frequently, in the process of transforming the impulse of DESIRE into money,  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   87