  THINK & GROW RICH   
has done in the way of harnessing, and using the great water power of America.  
A score of years ago, such a dream would have seemed like madness. 
You have been disappointed, you have undergone defeat during the  
depression, you have felt the great heart within you crushed until it bled. Take  
courage, for these experiences have tempered the spiritual metal of which you  
are made—they are assets of incomparable value. 
Remember, too, that all who succeed in life get off to a bad start, and pass  
through many heartbreaking struggles before they "arrive." The turning point in  
the lives of those who succeed, usually comes at the moment of some crisis,  
through which they are introduced to their "other selves." 
John Bunyan wrote the Pilgrim's Progress, which is among the finest of all  
English literature, after he had been confined in prison and sorely punished,  
because of his views on the subject of religion.
O. Henry discovered the genius which slept within his brain, after he had  
met with great misfortune, and was confined in a prison cell, in Columbus, Ohio.  
Being FORCED, through misfortune, to become acquainted with his "other self,"  
and to use his IMAGINATION, he discovered himself to be a great author  
instead of a miserable criminal and outcast. Strange and varied are the ways of  
life, and stranger still are the ways of Infinite Intelligence, through which men  
are sometimes forced to undergo all sorts of punishment before discovering their  
own brains, and their own capacity to create useful ideas through imagination. 
Edison, the world's greatest inventor and scientist, was a "tramp"  
telegraph operator, he failed innumerable times before he was driven, finally, to  
the discovery of the genius which slept within his brain.
Charles Dickens began by pasting labels on blacking pots. The tragedy of  
his first love penetrated the depths of his soul, and converted him into one of the  
world's truly great authors. That tragedy produced, first, David Copperfield,  
then a succession of other works that made this a richer and better world for all  
who read his books. Disappointment over love affairs, generally has the effect of  
driving men to drink, and women to ruin; and this, because most people never  
learn the art of transmuting their strongest emotions into dreams of a  
constructive nature.
Helen Keller became deaf, dumb, and blind shortly after birth. Despite her  
greatest misfortune, she has written her name indelibly in the pages of the  
history of the great. Her entire life has served as evidence that no one ever is 
defeated until defeat has been accepted as a reality . 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   36