  THINK & GROW RICH   
Let us consider the power of FAITH, as it is now being demonstrated, by a  
man who is well known to all of civilization, Mahatma Gandhi, of India. In this  
man the world has one of the most astounding examples known to civilization,  
of the possibilities of FAITH. Gandhi wields more potential power than any man  
living at this time, and this, despite the fact that he has none of the orthodox tools  
of power, such as money, battle ships, soldiers, and materials of warfare. Gandhi  
has no money, he has no home, he does not own a suit of clothes, but HE DOES  
HAVE POWER. How does he come by that power? 
HE CREATED IT OUT OF HIS UNDERSTANDING OF THE PRINCIPLE  
OF FAITH, AND THROUGH HIS ABILITY TO TRANSPLANT THAT FAITH  
INTO THE MINDS OF TWO HUNDRED MILLION PEOPLE.
Gandhi has accomplished, through the influence of FAITH, that which the  
strongest military power on earth could not, and never will accomplish through  
soldiers and military equipment. He has accomplished the astounding feat of  
INFLUENCING two hundred million minds to COALESCE AND MOVE IN  
UNISON, AS A SINGLE MIND. 
What other force on earth, except FAITH could do as much? 
There will come a day when employees as well as employers will discover  
the possibilities of FAITH. That day is dawning. The whole world has had ample  
opportunity, during the recent business depression, to witness what the LACK  
OF FAITH will do to business.
Surely, civilization has produced a sufficient number of intelligent human  
beings to make use of this great lesson which the depression has taught the  
world. During this depression, the world had evidence in abundance that  
widespread FEAR will paralyze the wheels of industry and business. Out of this  
experience will arise leaders in business and industry who will profit by the  
example which Gandhi has set for the world, and they will apply to business the  
same tactics which he has used in building the greatest following known in the  
history of the world. These leaders will come from the rank and file of the  
unknown men, who now labor in the steel plants, the coal mines, the automobile  
factories, and in the small towns and cities of America. 
Business is due for a reform, make no mistake about this! The methods of  
the past, based upon economic combinations of FORCE and FEAR, will be  
supplanted by the better principles of FAITH and cooperation. Men who labor  
will receive more than daily wages; they will receive dividends from the  
business, the same as those who supply the capital for business; but, first they  
must GIVE MORE TO THEIR EMPLOYERS, and stop this bickering and  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   56