  THINK & GROW RICH   
this new business was so effectively told that its owner soon had more accounts  
than he could handle.
There are thousands of people, all over the country, who need the services  
of a merchandising specialist capable of preparing an attractive brief for use in  
marketing personal services. The aggregate annual income from such a service  
might easily exceed that received by the largest employment agency, and the  
benefits of the service might be made far greater to the purchaser than any to be  
obtained from an employment agency. 
The IDEA here described was born of necessity, to bridge an emergency  
which had to be covered, but it did not stop by merely serving one person. The  
woman who created the idea has a keen IMAGINATION. She saw in her newly  
born brain-child the making of a new profession, one that is destined to render  
valuable service to thousands of people who need practical guidance in  
marketing personal services.
Spurred to action by the instantaneous success of her first "PREPARED  
PLAN TO MARKET PERSONAL SERVICES," this energetic woman turned next  
to the solution of a similar problem for her son who had just finished college, but  
had been totally unable to find a market for his services. The plan she originated  
for his use was the finest specimen of merchandising of personal services I have  
ever seen. 
When the plan book had been completed, it contained nearly fifty pages of  
beautifully typed, properly organized information, telling the story of her son's  
native ability, schooling, personal experiences, and a great variety of other  
information too extensive for description. The plan book also contained a  
complete description of the position her son desired, together with a marvelous  
word picture of the exact plan he would use in filling the position. 
The preparation of the plan book required several week's labor, during  
which time its creator sent her son to the public library almost daily, to procure  
data needed in selling his services to best advantage. She sent him, also to all the  
competitors of his prospective employer, and gathered from them vital  
information concerning their business methods which was of great value in the  
formation of the plan he intended to use in filling the position he sought. When  
the plan had been finished, it contained more than half a dozen very fine  
suggestions for the use and benefit of the prospective employer. (The suggestions  
were put into use by the company). 
One may be inclined to ask, "Why go to all this trouble to secure a job?"  
The answer is straight to the point, also it is dramatic, because it deals with a  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   81