  THINK & GROW RICH   
seeking riches, before trying to destroy the Capitalistic System of a country  
whose citizens spend over fifty million dollars a year for GREETING CARDS,  
with which to express their appreciation of their FREEDOM!
If it is money you are seeking, consider carefully a country that spends  
hundreds of millions of dollars annually for cigarettes, the bulk of the income  
from which goes to only four major companies engaged in supplying this  
national builder of "non-chalance" and "quiet nerves." 
By all means give plenty of consideration to a country whose people  
spend annually more than fifteen million dollars for the privilege of seeing  
moving pictures, and toss in a few additional mil-lions for liquor, narcotics, and  
other less potent soft drinks and giggle-waters.
Do not be in too big a hurry to get away from a country whose people  
willingly, even eagerly, hand over millions of dollars annually for football,  
baseball, and prize fights.
And, by all means, STICK by a country whose inhabitants give up more  
than a million dollars a year for chewing gum, and another million for safety  
razor blades.
Remember, also, that this is but the beginning of the available sources for  
the accumulation of wealth. Only a few of the luxuries and non-essentials have  
been mentioned. But, remember that the business of producing, transporting,  
and marketing these few items of merchandise gives regular employment to  
MANY MILLIONS OF MEN AND WOMEN, who receive for their services  
MANY MILLIONS OF DOLLARS MONTHLY, and spend it freely for both the  
luxuries and the necessities. 
Especially remember, that back of all this exchange of merchandise and  
personal services may be found an abundance of OPPORTUNITY to accumulate  
riches. Here our AMERICAN FREE-DOM comes to one's aid. There is nothing to  
stop you, or anyone from engaging in any portion of the effort necessary to carry  
on these businesses. If one has superior talent, training, experience, one may  
accumulate riches in large amounts. Those not so fortunate may accumulate  
smaller amounts. Anyone may earn a living in return for a very nominal amount  
of labor. 
So— there you are! 
OPPORTUNITY has spread its wares before you. Step up to the front,  
select what you want, create your plan, put the plan into action, and follow  
through with PERSISTENCE. "Capitalistic" America will do the rest. You can  
depend upon this much— CAPITALISTIC AMERICA INSURES EVERY  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   137