  THINK & GROW RICH   
Let us take a look at the vast fortunes of gold this idea has produced. It  
has paid, and still pays huge fortunes to men and women all over the world, who  
distribute the contents of the kettle to millions of people. 
The Old Kettle is now one of the world's largest consumers of sugar, thus  
providing jobs of a permanent nature to thousands of men and women engaged  
in growing sugar cane, and in refining and marketing sugar.
The Old Kettle consumes, annually, millions of glass bottles, providing  
jobs to huge numbers of glass workers.
The Old Kettle gives employment to an army of clerks, stenographers,  
copy writers, and advertising experts throughout the nation. It has brought fame  
and fortune to scores of artists who have created magnificent pictures describing  
the product.
The Old Kettle has converted a small Southern city into the business  
capital of the South, where it now benefits, directly, or indirectly, every business  
and practically every resident of the city. The influence of this idea now benefits  
every civilized country in the world, pouring out a continuous stream of gold to  
all who touch it. 
Gold from the kettle built and maintains one of the most prominent  
colleges of the South, where thousands of young people receive the training  
essential for success. 
The Old Kettle has done other marvelous things. All through the world  
depression, when factories, banks and business houses were folding up and  
quitting by the thousands, the owner of this Enchanted Kettle went marching on,  
giving continuous employment  to an army of men and women all over the world,  
and paying out extra portions of gold to those who, long ago, had faith in the idea . 
If the product of that old brass kettle could talk, it would tell thrilling tales  
of romance in every language. Romances of love, romances of business,  
romances of professional men and women who are daily being stimulated by it. 
The author is sure of at least one such romance, for he was a part of it, and  
it all began not far from the very spot on which the drug clerk purchased the old  
kettle. It was here that the author met his wife, and it was she who first told him  
of the Enchanted Kettle. It was the product of that Kettle they were drinking  
when he asked her to accept him "for better or worse." 
Now that you know the content of the Enchanted Kettle is a world famous  
drink, it is fitting that the author confess that the home city of the drink supplied  
him with a wife, also that the drink itself provides him with stimulation of thought  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   91