  THINK & GROW RICH   
Of all the ages of the world, of which we know anything, the age in which  
we live seems to be one that is outstanding because of man's money-madness. A  
man is considered less than the dust of the earth, unless he can display a fat bank  
account; but if he has money— NEVER MIND HOW HE ACQUIRED IT— he is a  
"king" or a "big shot"; he is above the law, he rules in politics, he dominates in  
business, and the whole world about him bows in respect when he passes.
Nothing brings man so much suffering and humility as POVERTY! Only  
those who have experienced poverty understand the full meaning of this.
It is no wonder that man fears poverty. Through a long line of inherited  
experiences man has learned, for sure, that some men cannot be trusted, where  
matters of money and earthly possessions are concerned. This is a rather stinging  
indictment, the worst part of it being that it is TRUE.
The majority of marriages are motivated by the wealth possessed by one,  
or both of the contracting parties. It is no wonder, therefore, that the divorce  
courts are busy. 
So eager is man to possess wealth that he will acquire it in whatever  
manner he can— through legal methods if possible— through other methods if  
necessary or expedient. 
Self-analysis may disclose weaknesses which one does not like to  
acknowledge. This form of examination is essential to all who demand of Life  
more than mediocrity and poverty. Remember, as you check yourself point by  
point, that you are both the court and the jury, the prosecuting attorney and the  
attorney for the defense, and that you are the plaintiff and the defendant, also,  
that you are on trial. Face the facts squarely. Ask yourself definite questions and  
demand direct replies. When the examination is over, you will know more about  
yourself. If you do not feel that you can be an impartial judge in this self-
examination, call upon someone who knows you well to serve as judge while  
you cross-examine yourself. You are after the truth. Get it, no matter at what cost  
even though it may temporarily embarrass you!  
The majority of people, if asked what they fear most, would reply, "I fear  
nothing." The reply would be inaccurate, because few people realize that they are  
bound, handicapped, whipped spiritually and physically through some form of  
fear. So subtle and deeply seated is the emotion of fear that one may go through  
life burdened with it, never recognizing its presence. Only a courageous analysis  
will disclose the presence of this universal enemy. When you begin such an  
analysis, search deeply into your character. Here is a list of the symptoms for  
which you should look: 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   222