  THINK & GROW RICH   
which one must turn when knowledge is not available through  
"accumulated experience." Here, too, the Creative Imagination  
must often be used. 
Knowledge may be acquired from any of the foregoing sources. It may be  
converted into POWER by organizing it into definite PLANS and by expressing  
those plans in terms of ACTION. 
Examination of the three major sources of knowledge will readily disclose  
the difficulty an individual would have, if he depended upon his efforts alone, in  
assembling knowledge and expressing it through definite plans in terms of  
ACTION. If his plans are comprehensive, and if they contemplate large  
proportions, he must, generally, induce others to cooperate with him, before he  
can inject into them the necessary element of POWER. 
GAINING POWER THROUGH THE '' MASTER MIND"
The "Master Mind" may be defined as: "Coordination of knowledge and  
effort, in a spirit of harmony, between two or more people, for the attainment of  
a definite purpose." 
No individual may have great power without availing himself of the  
"Master Mind." In a preceding chapter, instructions were given for the creation of  
PLANS for the purpose of translating DESIRE into its monetary equivalent. If  
you carry out these instructions with PERSISTENCE and intelligence, and use  
discrimination in the selection of your "Master Mind" group, your objective will  
have been half-way reached, even before you begin to recognize it. 
So you may better understand the "intangible" potentialities of power  
available to you, through a properly chosen "Master Mind" group, we will here  
explain the two characteristics of the Master Mind principle, one of which is  
economic in nature, and the other psychic. The economic feature is obvious.  
Economic advantages may be created by any person who surrounds himself with  
the advice, counsel, and personal cooperation of a group of men who are willing  
to lend him wholehearted aid, in a spirit of PERFECT HARMONY. This form of  
cooperative alliance has been the basis of nearly every great fortune. Your  
understanding of this great truth may definitely determine your financial status. 
The psychic phase of the Master Mind principle is much more abstract,  
much more difficult to comprehend, because it has reference to the spiritual  
forces with which the human race, as a whole, is not well acquainted. You may  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   168