  THINK & GROW RICH   
rapid change. This means that the media through which the changes in human  
habits are promoted, must be adapted to the changes. The media here described,  
are the ones which, more than any others, determine the trend of civilization. 
WHEN AND HOW TO APPLY FOR A POSITION
The information described here is the net result of many years of  
experience during which thousands of men and women were helped to market  
their services effectively. It can, therefore, be relied upon as sound and practical. 
MEDIA THROUGH WHICH SERVICES MAY BE  
MARKETED
Experience has proved that the following media offer the most direct and  
effective methods of bringing the buyer and seller of personal services together.
1. EMPLOYMENT BUREAUS. Care must be taken to select only reputable  
bureaus, the management of which can show adequate records of achievement of  
satisfactory results. There are comparatively few such bureaus. 
2. ADVERTISING in newspapers, trade journals, magazines, and radio.  
Classified advertising may usually be relied upon to produce satisfactory results  
in the case of those who apply for clerical or ordinary salaried positions. Display  
advertising is more desirable in the case of those who seek executive connections,  
the copy to appear in the section of the paper which is most apt to come to the  
attention of the class of employer being sought. The copy should be prepared by  
an expert, who understands how to inject sufficient selling qualities to produce  
replies. 
3. PERSONAL LETTERS OF APPLICATION, directed to particular firms  
or individuals most apt to need such services as are being offered. Letters should  
be neatly typed, ALWAYS, and signed by hand. With the letter, should be sent a  
complete "brief" or outline of the applicant's qualifications. Both the letter of  
application and the brief of experience or qualifications should be prepared by an  
expert. (See instructions as to information to be supplied). 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   110