  THINK & GROW RICH   
sex in the individual, between the ages of thirty and forty, so that he may draw  
upon these great forces, and apply them jointly as stimuli to action.
Sex, alone, is a mighty urge to action, but its forces are like a cyclone—
they are often uncontrollable. When the emotion of love begins to mix itself with  
the emotion of sex, the result is calmness of purpose, poise, accuracy of  
judgment, and balance. What person, who has attained to the age of forty, is so  
unfortunate as to be unable to analyze these statements, and to corroborate them  
by his own experience? 
When driven by his desire to please a woman, based solely upon the  
emotion of sex, a man may be, and usually is, capable of great achievement, but  
his actions may be disorganized, distorted, and totally destructive. When driven  
by his desire to please a woman, based upon the motive of sex alone, a man may  
steal, cheat, and even commit murder. But when the emotion of LOVE is mixed  
with the emotion of sex, that same man will guide his actions with more sanity,  
balance, and reason. 
Criminologists have discovered that the most hardened criminals can be  
reformed through the influence of a woman's love. There is no record of a  
criminal having been reformed solely through the sex influence. These facts are  
well known, but their cause is not. Reformation comes, if at all, through the heart, 
or the emotional side of man, not through his head, or reasoning side.  
Reformation means, "a change of heart." It does not mean a "change of head." A  
man may, because of reason, make certain changes in his personal conduct to  
avoid the consequences of undesirable effects, but GENUINE REFORMATION  
comes only through a change of heart—through a DESIRE to change.
Love, Romance, and Sex are all emotions capable of driving men to  
heights of super achievement. Love is the emotion which serves as a safety valve,  
and insures balance, poise, and constructive effort. When combined, these three  
emotions may lift one to an altitude of a genius. There are genii, however, who  
know but little of the emotion of love. Most of them may be found engaged in  
some form of action which is destructive, or at least, not based upon justice and  
fairness toward others. If good taste would permit, a dozen genii could be named  
in the field of industry and finance, who ride ruthlessly over the rights of their  
fellow men. They seem totally lacking in conscience. The reader can easily  
supply his own list of such men.
The emotions are states of mind. Nature has provided man with a  
"chemistry of the mind" which operates in a manner similar to the principles of  
chemistry of matter. It is a well known fact that, through the aid of chemistry of  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   188