  THINK & GROW RICH   
You were instructed, in the last of the six steps described in the chapter on  
Desire, to read ALOUD twice daily the WRITTEN statement of your DESIRE  
FOR MONEY, and to SEE AND FEEL yourself ALREADY in possession of the  
money! By following these instructions, you communicate the object of your  
DESIRE directly to your SUBCONSCIOUS mind in a spirit of absolute FAITH.  
Through repetition of this procedure, you voluntarily create thought habits  
which are favorable to your efforts to transmute desire into its monetary  
equivalent.
Go back to these six steps described in chapter two, and read them again,  
very carefully, before you proceed further. Then (when you come to it), read very  
carefully the four instructions for the organization of your "Master Mind" group,  
described in the chapter on Organized Planning. By comparing these two sets of  
instructions with that which has been stated on auto-suggestion, you, of course,  
will see that the instructions involve the application of the principle of auto-
suggestion. 
Remember, therefore, when reading aloud the statement of your desire  
(through which you are endeavoring to develop a "money consciousness"), that  
the mere reading of the words is of NO CONSEQUENCE— UNLESS you mix  
emotion, or feeling with your words. If you repeat a million times the famous  
Emil Coué formula, "Day by day, in every way, I am getting better and better,"  
without mixing emotion and FAITH with your words, you will experience no  
desirable results. Your subconscious mind recognizes and acts upon ONLY  
thoughts which have been well-mixed with emotion or feeling.
This is a fact of such importance as to warrant repetition in practically  
every chapter, because the lack of understanding of this is the main reason the  
majority of people who try to apply the principle of auto-suggestion get no  
desirable results.
Plain, unemotional words do not influence the subconscious mind. You  
will get no appreciable results until you learn to reach your subconscious mind  
with thoughts, or spoken words which have been well emotionalized with  
BELIEF. 
Do not become discouraged, if you cannot control and direct your  
emotions the first time you try to do so. Remember, there is no such possibility as  
SOMETHING FOR NOTHING. Ability to reach, and influence your  
subconscious mind has its price, and you MUST PAY THAT PRICE. You cannot  
cheat, even if you desire to do so. The price of ability to influence your  
subconscious mind is everlasting PERSISTENCE in applying the principles  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   67