  THINK & GROW RICH   
28. EGOTISM AND VANITY. These qualities serve as red  
lights which warn others to keep away. THEY ARE FATAL TO  
SUCCESS. 
29. GUESSING INSTEAD OF THINKING. Most people are  
too indifferent or lazy to acquire FACTS with which to THINK  
ACCURATELY. They prefer to act on "opinions" created by  
guesswork or snap-judgments. 
30. LACK OF CAPITAL. This is a common cause of failure  
among those who start out in business for the first time, without  
sufficient reserve of capital to absorb the shock of their mistakes,  
and to carry them over until they have established a  
REPUTATION. 
31. Under this, name any particular cause of failure from  
which you have suffered that has not been included in the  
foregoing list. 
In these thirty major causes of failure is found a description of the tragedy  
of life, which obtains for practically every person who tries and fails. It will be  
helpful if you can induce someone who knows you well to go over this list with  
you, and help to analyze you by the thirty causes of failure. It may be beneficial if  
you try this alone. Most people cannot see themselves as others see them. You  
may be one who cannot.
The oldest of admonitions is "Man, know thyself!" If you market  
merchandise successfully, you must know the merchandise. The same is true in  
marketing personal services. You should know all of your weaknesses in order  
that you may either bridge them or eliminate them entirely. You should know  
your strength in order that you may call attention to it when selling your  
services. You can know yourself only through accurate analysis.
The folly of ignorance in connection with self was displayed by a young  
man who applied to the manager of a well known business for a position. He  
made a very good impression until the manager asked him what salary he  
expected. He replied that he had no fixed sum in mind ( lack of a definite aim ). The 
manager then said, "We will pay you all you are worth, alter we try you out for a  
week."
"I will not accept it," the applicant replied, "because I AM GETTING  
MORE THAN THAT WHERE I AM NOW EMPLOYED."
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   125