  THINK & GROW RICH   
worked just as well at distances of several hundred miles as they did in the same  
room. These facts also dispose, in Mr. Wright's opinion, of the attempt to explain  
telepathy or clairvoyance through any physical theory of radiation. All known  
forms of radiant energy decline inversely as the square of the distance traversed.  
Telepathy and clairvoyance do not. But they do vary through physical causes as  
our other mental powers do. Contrary to widespread opinion, they do not  
improve when the percipient is asleep or half-asleep, but, on the contrary, when  
he is most wide-awake and alert. Rhine discovered that a narcotic will invariably  
lower a percipient's score, while a stimulant will always send it higher. The most  
reliable performer apparently cannot make a good score unless he tries to do his  
best.
"One conclusion that Wright draws with some confidence is that telepathy  
and clairvoyance are really one and the same gift. That is, the faculty that 'sees' a  
card face down on a table seems to be exactly the same one that 'reads' a thought  
residing only in another mind. There are several grounds for believing this. So  
far, for example, the two gifts have been found in every person who enjoys either  
of them. In every one so far the two have been of equal vigor, almost exactly.  
Screens, walls, distances, have no effect at all on either. Wright advances from  
this conclusion to express what he puts forward as no more than the mere  
'hunch' that other extra-sensory experiences, prophetic dreams, premonitions of  
disaster, and the like, may also prove to be part of the same faculty. The reader is  
not asked to accept any of these conclusions unless he finds it necessary, but the  
evidence that Rhine has piled up must remain impressive."
In view of Dr. Rhine's announcement in connection with the conditions  
under which the mind responds to what he terms extra—sensory modes of  
perception, I now feel privileged to add to his testimony by stating that my  
associates and I have discovered what we believe to be the ideal conditions  
under which the mind can be stimulated so that the sixth sense described in the  
next chapter, can be made to function in a practical way. 
The conditions to which I refer consist of a close working alliance between  
myself and two members of my staff. Through experimentation and practice, we  
have discovered how to stimulate our minds (by applying the principle used in  
connection with the "Invisible Counselors" described in the next chapter) so that  
we can, by a process of blending our three minds into one, find the solution to a  
great variety of personal problems which are submitted by my clients.
The procedure is very simple. We sit down at a conference table, clearly  
state the nature of the problem we have under consideration, then begin  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   205