  THINK & GROW RICH   
Ford said, "Produce it anyway."
"But," they replied, "it's impossible!"
"Go ahead," Ford commanded, "and stay on the job until you succeed no  
matter how much time is required." 
The engineers went ahead. There was nothing else for them to do, if they  
were to remain on the Ford staff. Six months went by, nothing happened.  
Another six months passed, and still nothing happened. The engineers tried  
every conceivable plan to carry out the orders, but the thing seemed out of the  
question; "impossible!"
At the end of the year Ford checked with his engineers, and again they  
informed him they had found no way to carry out his orders. 
"Go right ahead," said Ford, "I want it, and I'll have it."
They went ahead, and then, as if by a stroke of magic, the secret was  
discovered. 
The Ford DETERMINATION had won once more! 
This story may not be described with minute accuracy, but the sum and  
substance of it is correct. Deduce from it, you who wish to THINK AND GROW  
RICH, the secret of the Ford millions, if you can. You'll not have to look very far.
Henry Ford is a success, because he understands, and applies the principles 
of success. One of these is DESIRE: knowing what one wants. Remember this  
Ford story as you read, and pick out the lines in which the secret of his  
stupendous achievement have been described. If you can do this, if you can lay  
your finger on the particular group of principles which made Henry Ford rich,  
you can equal his achievements in almost any calling for which you are suited. 
YOU ARE "THE MASTER OF YOUR FATE, THE CAPTAIN OF YOUR 
SOUL," BECAUSE…
When Henley wrote the prophetic lines, "I am the Master of my Fate, I am  
the Captain of my Soul," he should have informed us that we are the Masters of  
our Fate, the Captains of our Souls, because we have the power to control our  
thoughts. 
He should have told us that the ether in which this little earth floats, in  
which we move and have our being, is a form of energy moving at an  
inconceivably high rate of vibration, and that the ether is filled with a form of  
universal power which ADAPTS itself to the nature of the thoughts we hold in  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   25