  THINK & GROW RICH   
"While I was praying I again had that feeling of assurance that the money  
would be forthcoming. In my excitement, I walked out without my sermon, and  
did not discover the oversight until I was in my pulpit and about ready to begin  
delivering it. 
"It was too late to go back for my notes, and what a blessing that I couldn't  
go back! Instead, my own subconscious mind yielded the material I needed.  
When I arose to begin my sermon, I closed my eyes, and spoke with all my heart  
and soul of my dreams. I not only talked to my audience, but I fancy I talked also  
to God. I told what I would do with a million dollars if that amount were placed  
in my hands. I described the plan I had in mind for organizing a great  
educational institution, where young people would learn to do practical things,  
and at the same time develop their minds.
"When I had finished and sat down, a man slowly arose from his seat,  
about three rows from the rear, and made his way toward the pulpit. I wondered  
what he was going to do. He came into the pulpit, extended his hand, and said,  
'Reverend, I liked your sermon. I believe you can do everything you said you  
would, if you had a million dollars. To prove that I believe in you and your  
sermon, if you will come to my office tomorrow morning, I will give you the  
million dollars. My name is Phillip D. Armour."'
Young Gunsaulus went to Mr. Armour's office and the million dollars was  
presented to him. With the money, he founded the Armour Institute of  
Technology.
That is more money than the majority of preachers ever see in an entire  
lifetime, yet the thought impulse back of the money was created m the young  
preacher's mind in a fraction of a minute. The necessary million dollars came as a  
result of an idea. Back of the idea was a DESIRE which young Gunsaulus had  
been nursing in his mind for almost two years.
Observe this important fact... HE GOT THE MONEY WITHIN THIRTY-
SIX HOURS AFTER HE REACHED A DEFINITE DECISION IN HIS OWN  
MIND TO GET IT, AND DECIDED UPON A DEFINITE PLAN FOR GETTING  
IT! 
There was nothing new or unique about young Gunsaulus' vague  
thinking about a million dollars, and weakly hoping for it. Others before him,  
and many since his time, have had similar thoughts. But there was something  
very unique and different about the decision he reached on that memorable  
Saturday, when he put vagueness into the background, and definitely said, "I  
WILL get that money within a week!" 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   94