  THINK & GROW RICH   
more reliable, for the reason that they come from sources more reliable than any  
which are available to the reasoning faculty of the mind. 
The major difference between the genius and the ordinary "crank"  
inventor, may be found in the fact that the genius works through his faculty of  
creative imagination, while the "crank" knows nothing of this faculty. The  
scientific inventor (such as Mr. Edison, and Dr. Gates), makes use of both the  
synthetic and the creative faculties of imagination. 
For example, the scientific inventor, or "genius, begins an invention by  
organizing and combining the known ideas, or principles accumulated through  
experience, through the synthetic faculty (the reasoning faculty). If he finds this  
accumulated knowledge to be insufficient for the completion of his invention, he  
then draws upon the sources of knowledge available to him through his creative 
faculty. The method by which he does this varies with the individual, but this is  
the sum and substance of his procedure: 
1.HE STIMULATES HIS MIND SO THAT IT VIBRATES ON A HIGHER-
THAN-AVERAGE PLANE, using one or more of the ten mind stimulants or  
some other stimulant of his choice. 
2.HE CONCENTRATES upon the known factors (the finished part) of his  
invention, and creates in his mind a perfect picture of unknown factors (the  
unfinished part), of his invention. He holds this picture in mind until it has been  
taken over by the subconscious mind, then relaxes by clearing his mind of ALL  
thought, and waits for his answer to "flash" into his mind.
Sometimes the results are both definite and immediate. At other times, the  
results are negative, depending upon the state of development of the "sixth  
sense," or creative faculty.
Mr. Edison tried out more than 10,000 different combinations of ideas  
through the synthetic faculty of his imagination before he "tuned in" through the  
creative faculty, and got the answer which perfected the incandescent light. His  
experience was similar when he produced the talking machine. 
There is plenty of reliable evidence that the faculty of creative imagination  
exists. This evidence is available through accurate analysis of men who have  
become leaders in their respective callings, without having had extensive  
educations. Lincoln was a notable example of a great leader who achieved  
greatness, through the discovery, and use of his faculty of creative imagination.  
He discovered, and began to use this faculty as the result of the stimulation of  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   180