  THINK & GROW RICH   
11. Lack of ORGANIZED PLANS, placed in writing where  
they may be analyzed. 
12. The habit of neglecting to move on ideas, or to grasp  
opportunity when it presents itself.
13. WISHING instead of WILLING. 
14. The habit of compromising with POVERTY instead of  
aiming at riches. General absence of ambition to be, to do, and to  
own.
15. Searching for all the shortcuts to riches, trying to GET  
without GIVING a fair equivalent, usually reflected in the habit of  
gambling, endeavoring to drive "sharp" bargains. 
16. FEAR OF CRITICISM, failure to create plans and to put  
them into action, because of what other people will think, do, or  
say. This enemy belongs at the head of the list, because it generally  
exists in one's subconscious mind, where its presence is not  
recognized. (See the Six Basic Fears in a later chapter).
Let us examine some of the symptoms of the Fear of Criticism. The  
majority of people permit relatives, friends, and the public at large to so  
influence them that they cannot live their own lives, because they fear criticism. 
Huge numbers of people make mistakes in marriage, stand by the bargain,  
and go through life miserable and unhappy, because they fear criticism which  
may follow if they correct the mistake. (Anyone who has submitted to this form  
of fear knows the irreparable damage it does, by destroying ambition, self-
reliance, and the desire to achieve).
Millions of people neglect to acquire belated educations, after having left  
school, because they fear criticism. 
Countless numbers of men and women, both young and old, permit  
relatives to wreck their lives in the name of DUTY, because they fear criticism.  
(Duty does not require any person to submit to the destruction of his personal  
ambitions and the right to live his own life in his own way). 
People refuse to take chances in business, because they fear the criticism  
which may follow if they fail. The fear of criticism, in such cases is stronger than the  
DESIRE for success . 
Too many people refuse to set high goals for themselves, or even neglect  
selecting a career, because they fear the criticism of relatives and "friends" who  
may say "Don't aim so high, people will think you are crazy. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   158