  THINK & GROW RICH   
"Women in the same predicament must be different. We somehow do not  
think of women at all in considering the down-and-outers. They are scarce in the  
breadlines, they rarely are seen begging on the streets, and they are not  
recognizable in crowds by the same plain signs which identify busted men. Of  
course, I do not mean the shuffling hags of the city streets who are the opposite  
number of the confirmed male bums. I mean reasonably young, decent and  
intelligent women. There must be many of them, but their despair is not  
apparent. Maybe they kill themselves.
"When a man is down and out he has time on his hands for brooding. He  
may travel miles to see a man about a job and discover that the job is filled or  
that it is one of those jobs with no base pay but only a commission on the sale of  
some useless knick-knack which nobody would buy, except out of pity. Turning  
that down, he finds himself back on the street with nowhere to go but just  
anywhere. So he walks and walks. He gazes into store windows at luxuries  
which are not for him, and feels inferior and gives way to people who stop to  
look with an active interest. He wanders into the railroad station or puts himself  
down in the library to ease his legs and soak up a little heat, but that isn't looking  
for a job, so he gets going again. He may not know it, but his aimlessness would  
give him away even if the very lines of his figure did not. He may be well  
dressed in the clothes left over from the days when he had a steady job, but the  
clothes cannot disguise the droop. 
"MONEY MAKES DIFFERENCE.
"He sees thousands of other people, bookkeepers or clerks or chemists or  
wagon hands, busy at their work and envies them from the bottom of his soul.  
They have their independence, their self-respect and manhood, and he simply  
cannot convince himself that he is a good man, too, though he argue it out and  
arrive at a favorable verdict hour after hour.
"It is just money which makes this difference in him. With a little money  
he would be himself again.
"Some employers take the most shocking advantage of people who are  
down and out. The agencies hang out little colored cards offering miserable  
wages to busted men—$ 12 a week, $15 a week. An $18 a week job is a plum, and  
anyone with $25 a week to offer does not hang the job in front of an agency on a  
colored card. I have a want ad clipped from a local paper demanding a clerk, a  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   225