  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 12
THE SUBCONSCIOUS MIND
THE CONNECTING LINK
The Eleventh Step toward Riches
THE SUBCONSCIOUS MIND consists of a field of consciousness, in  
which every impulse of thought that reaches the objective mind through any of  
the five senses, is classified and recorded, and from which thoughts may be  
recalled or withdrawn as letters may be taken from a filing cabinet.
It receives, and files, sense impressions or thoughts, regardless of their  
nature. You may VOLUNTARILY plant in your subconscious mind any plan,  
thought, or purpose which you desire to translate into its physical or monetary  
equivalent. The subconscious acts first on the dominating desires which have  
been mixed with emotional feeling, such as faith. 
Consider this in connection with the instructions given in the chapter on  
DESIRE, for taking the six steps there outlined, and the instructions given in the  
chapter on the building and execution of plans, and you will understand the  
importance of the thought conveyed. 
THE SUBCONSCIOUS MIND WORKS DAY AND NIGHT. Through a  
method of procedure, unknown to man, the subconscious mind draws upon the  
forces of Infinite Intelligence for the power with which it voluntarily transmutes  
one's desires into their physical equivalent, making use, always of the most  
practical media by which this end may be accomplished.
You cannot entirely control your subconscious mind, but you can  
voluntarily hand over to it any plan, desire, or purpose which you wish  
transformed into concrete form. Read, again, instructions for using the  
subconscious mind, in the chapter on autosuggestion.
There is plenty of evidence to support the belief that the subconscious  
mind is the connecting link between the finite mind of man and Infinite  
Intelligence. It is the intermediary through which one may draw upon the forces  
of Infinite Intelligence at will. It, alone, contains the secret process by which  
mental impulses are modified and changed into their spiritual equivalent. It,  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   194