  THINK & GROW RICH   
Observe the words which have been emphasized, and you will catch the  
deep meaning which the poet had in mind. 
Somewhere in your make-up (perhaps in the cells of your brain) there lies  
sleeping, the seed of achievement which, if aroused and put into action, would  
carry you to heights, such as you may never have hoped to attain. 
Just as a master musician may cause the most beautiful strains of music to  
pour forth from the strings of a violin, so may you arouse the genius which lies  
asleep in your brain, and cause it to drive you upward to whatever goal you may  
wish to achieve. 
Abraham Lincoln was a failure at everything he tried, until he was well  
past the age of forty. He was a Mr. Nobody from Nowhere, until a great  
experience came into his life, aroused the sleeping genius within his heart and  
brain, and gave the world one of its really great men. That "experience" was  
mixed with the emotions of sorrow and LOVE. It came to him through Anne  
Rutledge, the only woman whom he ever truly loved.
It is a known fact that the emotion of LOVE is closely akin to the state of  
mind known as FAITH, and this for the reason that Love comes very near to  
translating one's thought impulses into their spiritual equivalent. During his  
work of research, the author discovered, from the analysis of the life-work and  
achievements of hundreds of men of outstanding accomplishment, that there  
was the influence of a woman's love back of nearly EVERY ONE OF THEM. The  
emotion of love, in the human heart and brain, creates a favorable field of  
magnetic attraction, which causes an influx of the higher and finer vibrations  
which are afloat in the ether. 
If you wish evidence of the power of FAITH, study the achievements of  
men and women who have employed it. At the head of the list comes the  
Nazarene. Christianity is the greatest single force which influences the minds of  
men. The basis of Christianity is FAITH, no matter how many people may have  
perverted, or misinterpreted the meaning of this great force, and no matter how  
many dogmas and creeds have been created in its name, which do not reflect its  
tenets. 
The sum and substance of the teachings and the achievements of Christ,  
which may have been interpreted as "miracles," were nothing more nor less than  
FAITH. If there are any such phenomena as "miracles" they are produced only  
through the state of mind known as FAITH! Some teachers of religion, and many  
who call themselves Christians, neither understand nor practice FAITH. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   55