  THINK & GROW RICH   
The person who stops studying merely because he has finished school is  
forever hopelessly doomed to mediocrity, no matter what may be his calling. The  
way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge.
Let us consider a specific instance. 
During the depression a salesman in a grocery store found himself  
without a position. Having had some bookkeeping experience, he took a special  
course in accounting, familiarized himself with all the latest bookkeeping and  
office equipment, and went into business for himself. Starting with the grocer for  
whom he had formerly worked, he made contracts with more than 100 small  
merchants to keep their books, at a very nominal monthly fee. His idea was so  
practical that he soon found it necessary to set up a portable office in a light  
delivery truck, which he equipped with modern bookkeeping machinery. He  
now has a fleet of these bookkeeping offices "on wheels" and employs a large  
staff of assistants, thus providing small merchants with accounting service equal  
to the best that money can buy, at very nominal cost.
Specialized knowledge, plus imagination, were the ingredients that went  
into this unique and successful business. Last year the owner of that business  
paid an income tax of almost ten times as much as was paid by the merchant for  
whom he worked when the depression forced upon him a temporary adversity  
which proved to be a blessing in disguise.
The beginning of this successful business was an IDEA!
Inasmuch as I had the privilege of supplying the unemployed salesman  
with that idea, I now assume the further privilege of suggesting another idea  
which has within it the possibility of even greater income. Also the possibility of  
rendering useful service to thousands of people who badly need that service.
The idea was suggested by the salesman who gave up selling and went  
into the business of keeping books on a wholesale basis. When the plan was  
suggested as a solution of his unemployment problem, he quickly exclaimed, "I  
like the idea, but I would not know how to turn it into cash." In other words, he  
complained he would not know how to market his bookkeeping knowledge after  
he acquired it.
So, that brought up another problem which had to be solved. With the aid  
of a young woman typist, clever at hand lettering, and who could put the story  
together, a very attractive book was prepared, describing the advantages of the  
new system of book-keeping. The pages were neatly typed and pasted in an  
ordinary scrapbook, which was used as a silent salesman with which the story of  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   80