  THINK & GROW RICH   
most carefully, carrying the investigation over a period of more than twelve  
years. 
This study disclosed the fact that the major reason why the majority of  
men who succeed do not begin to do so before the age of forty to fifty, is their  
tendency to DISSIPATE their energies through over indulgence in physical  
expression of the emotion of sex. The majority of men never learn that the urge of  
sex has other possibilities, which far transcend in importance, that of mere  
physical expression. The majority of those who make this discovery, do so after 
having wasted many years  at a period when the sex energy is at its height, prior to  
the age of forty-five to fifty. This usually is followed by noteworthy achievement.
The lives of many men up to, and sometimes well past the age of forty,  
reflect a continued dissipation of energies, which could have been more  
profitably turned into better channels. Their finer and more powerful emotions  
are sown wildly to the four winds. Out of this habit of the male, grew the term,  
"sowing his wild oats." 
The desire for sexual expression is by far the strongest and most impelling  
of all the human emotions, and for this very reason this desire, when harnessed 
and transmuted into action, other than that of physical expression, may raise one  
to the status of a genius. 
One of America's most able business men frankly admitted that his  
attractive secretary was responsible for most of the plans he created. He admitted  
that her presence lifted him to heights of creative imagination, such as he could  
experience under no other stimulus.
One of the most successful men in America owes most of his success to the  
influence of a very charming young woman, who has served as his source of  
inspiration for more than twelve years. Everyone knows the man to whom this  
reference is made, but not everyone knows the REAL SOURCE of his  
achievements. 
History is not lacking in examples of men who attained to the status of  
genii, as the result of the use of artificial mind stimulants in the form of alcohol  
and narcotics. Edgar Allen Poe wrote the "Raven" while under the influence of  
liquor, "dreaming dreams that mortal never dared to dream before." James  
Whitcomb Riley did his best writing while under the influence of alcohol.  
Perhaps it was thus he saw "the ordered intermingling of the real and the dream,  
the mill above the river, and the mist above the stream." Robert Burns wrote best  
when intoxicated, "For Auld Lang Syne, my dear, we'll take a cup of kindness  
yet, for Auld Lang Syne." 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   183