  THINK & GROW RICH   
The subconscious mind is more susceptible to influence by impulses of  
thought mixed with "feeling" or emotion, than by those originating solely in the  
reasoning portion of the mind. In fact, there is much evidence to support the  
theory, that ONLY emotionalized thoughts have any ACTION influence upon  
the subconscious mind. It is a well known fact that emotion or feeling, rules the  
majority of people. If it is true that the subconscious mind responds more quickly  
to, and is influenced more readily by thought impulses which are well mixed  
with emotion, it is essential to become familiar with the more important of the  
emotions. There are seven major positive emotions, and seven major negative  
emotions. The negatives voluntarily inject themselves into the thought impulses,  
which insure passage into the subconscious mind. The positives must be injected,  
through the principle of auto-suggestion, into the thought impulses which an  
individual wishes to pass on to his subconscious mind. (Instructions have been  
given in the chapter on auto-suggestion.)
These emotions, or feeling impulses, may be likened to yeast in a loaf of  
bread, because they constitute the ACTION element, which transforms thought  
impulses from the passive to the active state. Thus may one understand why  
thought impulses, which have been well mixed with emotion, are acted upon  
more readily than thought impulses originating in "cold reason."
You are preparing yourself to influence and control the "inner audience"  
of your subconscious mind, in order to hand over to it the DESIRE for money,  
which you wish transmuted into its monetary equivalent. It is essential,  
therefore, that you understand the method of approach to this "inner audience."  
You must speak its language, or it will not heed your call. It understands best the  
language of emotion or feeling. Let us, therefore describe here the seven major  
positive emotions, and the seven major negative motions, so that you may draw  
upon the positives, and avoid the negatives, when giving instructions to your  
subconscious mind. 
THE SEVEN MAJOR POSITIVE EMOTIONS
The emotion of DESIRE 
The emotion of FAITH 
The emotion of LOVE 
The emotion of SEX 
The emotion of ENTHUSIASM 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   197