  THINK & GROW RICH   
Remember this—a DECISION, in the minds of two men, might properly  
be called the beginning of the freedom which we, of the United States now enjoy.  
Remember, too, that the DECISION of these two men called for FAITH, and  
COURAGE, because it was dangerous. 
Before the Assembly adjourned, Samuel Adams was appointed to call on  
the Governor of the Province, Hutchinson, and demand the withdrawal of the  
British troops. 
The request was granted, the troops were removed from Boston, but the  
incident was not closed. It had caused a situation destined to change the entire  
trend of civilization. Strange, is it not, how the great changes, such as the  
American Revolution, and the World War, often have their beginnings in  
circumstances which seem unimportant? It is interesting, also, to observe that  
these important changes usually begin in the form of a DEFINITE DECISION in  
the minds of a relatively small number of people. Few of us know the history of  
our country well enough to realize that John Hancock, Samuel Adams, and  
Richard Henry Lee (of the Province of Virginia) were the real Fathers of our  
Country.
Richard Henry Lee became an important factor in this story by reason of  
the fact that he and Samuel Adams communicated frequently (by  
correspondence), sharing freely their fears and their hopes concerning the  
welfare of the people of their Provinces. From this practice, Adams conceived the  
idea that a mutual exchange of letters between the thirteen Colonies might help  
to bring about the coordination of effort so badly needed in connection with the  
solution of their problems. Two years after the clash with the soldiers in Boston  
(March '72), Adams presented this idea to the Assembly, in the form of a motion  
that a Correspondence Committee be established among the Colonies, with  
definitely appointed correspondents in each Colony, "for the purpose of friendly  
cooperation for the betterment of the Colonies of British America." 
Mark well this incident! It was the beginning of the organization of the  
far-flung POWER destined to give freedom to you, and to me. The Master Mind  
had already been organized. It consisted of Adams, Lee, and Hancock. "I tell you  
further, that if two of you agree upon the earth concerning anything for which  
you ask, it will come to you from My Father, who is in Heaven." 
The Committee of Correspondence was organized. Observe that this move  
provided the way for increasing the power of the Master Mind by adding to it  
men from all the Colonies. Take notice that this procedure constituted the first  
ORGANIZED PLANNING of the disgruntled Colonists.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   144