  THINK & GROW RICH   
you must keep in mind the fact, that you may face circumstances and situations  
which demand use of the creative imagination as well. 
Your imaginative faculty may have become weak through inaction. It can  
be revived and made alert through USE. This faculty does not die, though it may  
become quiescent through lack of use. 
Center your attention, for the time being, on the development of the  
synthetic imagination, because this is the faculty which you will use more often  
in the process of converting desire into money.
Transformation of the intangible impulse, of DESIRE, into the tangible  
reality, of MONEY, calls for the use of a plan, or plans. These plans must be  
formed with the aid of the imagination, and mainly, with the synthetic faculty.
Read the entire book through, then come back to this chapter, and begin at  
once to put your imagination to work on the building of a plan, or plans, for the  
transformation of your DESIRE into money. Detailed instructions for the  
building of plans have been given in almost every chapter. Carry out the  
instructions best suited to your needs, reduce your plan to writing, if you have  
not already done so. The moment you complete this, you will have DEFINITELY  
given concrete form to the intangible DESIRE. Read the preceding sentence once  
more. Read it aloud, very slowly, and as you do so, remember that the moment  
you reduce the statement of your desire, and a plan for its realization, to writing,  
you have actually TAKEN THE FIRST of a series of steps, which will enable you  
to convert the thought into its physical counterpart.
The earth on which you live, you, yourself, and every other material thing  
are the result of evolutionary change, through which microscopic bits of matter  
have been organized and arranged in an orderly fashion.
Moreover— and this statement is of stupendous importance— this earth,  
every one of the billions of individual cells of your body, and every atom of  
matter, began as an intangible form of energy .
DESIRE is thought impulse! Thought impulses are forms of energy. When  
you begin with the thought impulse, DESIRE, to accumulate money, you are  
drafting into your service the same "stuff" that Nature used in creating this earth,  
and every material form in the universe, including the body and brain in which  
the thought impulses function.
As far as science has been able to determine, the entire universe consists of  
but two elements—matter and energy. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   88