  THINK & GROW RICH   
PERSISTENCE. Or, Thomas A. Edison, who, with less than three months of  
schooling, became the world's leading inventor and converted PERSISTENCE  
into the talking machine, the moving picture machine, and the incandescent  
light, to say nothing of half a hundred other useful inventions. 
I had the happy privilege of analyzing both Mr. Edison and Mr. Ford, year  
by year, over a long period of years, and therefore, the opportunity to study  
them at close range, so I speak from actual knowledge when I say that I found no  
quality save PERSISTENCE, in either of them, that even remotely suggested the  
major source of their stupendous achievements.
As one makes an impartial study of the prophets, philosophers, "miracle"  
men, and religious leaders of the past, one is drawn to the inevitable conclusion  
that PERSISTENCE, concentration of effort, and DEFINITENESS OF PURPOSE,  
were the major sources of their achievements. 
Consider, for example, the strange and fascinating story of Mohammed;  
analyze his life, compare him with men of achievement in this modern age of  
industry and finance, and observe how they have one outstanding trait in  
common, PERSISTENCE! 
If you are keenly interested in studying the strange power which gives  
potency to PERSISTENCE, read a biography of Mohammed, especially the one  
by Essad Bey. This brief review of that book, by Thomas Sugrue, in the Herald-
Tribune, will provide a preview of the rare treat in store for those who take the  
time to read the entire story of one of the most astounding examples of the power  
of PERSISTENCE known to civilization. 
THE LAST GREAT PROPHET
Reviewed by Thomas Sugrue
"Mohammed was a prophet, but he never performed a miracle. He was  
not a mystic; he had no formal schooling; he did not begin his mission until he  
was forty. When he announced that he was the Messenger of God, bringing word  
of the true religion, he was ridiculed and labeled a lunatic. Children tripped him  
and women threw filth upon him. He was banished from his native city, Mecca,  
and his followers were stripped of their worldly goods and sent into the desert  
after him. When he had been preaching ten years he had nothing to show for it  
but banishment, poverty and ridicule. Yet before another ten years had passed,  
he was dictator of all Arabia, ruler of Mecca, and the head of a New World  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   164