  THINK & GROW RICH   
method of saying to himself, "I stopped three feet from gold, but I will never stop  
because men say 'no'  when I ask them to buy insurance." 
Darby is one of a small group of fewer than fifty men who sell more than a  
million dollars in life insurance annually. He owes his "stickability" to the lesson  
he learned from his "quitability" in the gold mining business. 
Before success comes in any man's life, he is sure to meet with much  
temporary defeat, and, perhaps, some failure. When defeat overtakes a man, the  
easiest and most logical thing to do is to QUIT. That is exactly what the majority  
of men do.
More than five hundred of the most successful men this country has ever  
known, told the author their greatest success came just one step beyond the point  
at which defeat had overtaken them. Failure is a trickster with a keen sense of  
irony and cunning. It takes great delight in tripping one when success is almost  
within reach. 
A FIFTY-CENT LESSON IN PERSISTENCE
Shortly after Mr. Darby received his degree from the "University of Hard  
Knocks," and had decided to profit by his experience in the gold mining  
business, he had the good fortune to be present on an occasion that proved to  
him that "No" does not necessarily mean no. 
One afternoon he was helping his uncle grind wheat in an old fashioned  
mill. The uncle operated a large farm on which a number of colored sharecrop  
farmers lived. Quietly, the door was opened, and a small colored child, the  
daughter of a tenant, walked in and took her place near the door.
The uncle looked up, saw the child, and barked at her roughly, "what do  
you want?"
Meekly, the child replied, "My mammy say send her fifty cents." 
"I'll not do it," the uncle retorted, "Now you run on home."
"Yas sah," the child replied. But she did not move . 
The uncle went ahead with his work, so busily engaged that he did not  
pay enough attention to the child to observe that she did not leave. When he  
looked up and saw her still standing there, he yelled at her, "I told you to go on  
home! Now go, or I'll take a switch to you." 
The little girl said "yas sah," but she did not budge an inch .
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   20