  THINK & GROW RICH   
10. WILLINGNESS TO ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY. The successful  
leader must be willing to assume responsibility for the mistakes and the  
shortcomings of his followers. If he tries to shift this responsibility, he will not  
remain the leader. If one of his followers makes a mistake, and shows himself  
incompetent, the leader must consider that it is he who failed. 
11. COOPERATION. The successful leader must understand, and apply 
the principle of cooperative effort and be able to induce his followers to do the  
same. Leadership calls for POWER, and power calls for COOPERATION. 
There are two forms of Leadership. The first, and by far the most effective,  
is LEADERSHIP BY CONSENT of, and with the sympathy of the followers. The  
second is LEADERSHIP BY FORCE, without the consent and sympathy of the  
followers.
History is filled with evidences that Leadership by Force cannot endure.  
The downfall and disappearance of "Dictators" and kings is significant. It means  
that people will not follow forced leadership indefinitely.
The world has just entered a new era of relationship between leaders and  
followers, which very clearly calls for new leaders, and a new brand of  
leadership in business and industry. Those who belong to the old school of  
leadership-by-force, must acquire an understanding of the new brand of  
leadership (cooperation) or be relegated to the rank and file of the followers.  
There is no other way out for them.
The relationship of employer and employee, or of leader and follower, in  
the future, will be one of mutual cooperation, based upon an equitable division  
of the profits of business. In the future, the relationship of employer and  
employee will be more like a partnership than it has been in the past. 
Napoleon, Kaiser Wilhelm of Germany, the Czar of Russia, and the King  
of Spain were examples of leadership by force. Their leadership passed. Without  
much difficulty, one might point to the prototypes of these ex-leaders, among the  
business, financial, and labor leaders of America who have been dethroned or  
slated to go. Leadership-by-consent  of the followers is the only brand which can  
endure!
Men may follow the forced leadership temporarily, but they will not do so  
willingly.
The new brand of LEADERSHIP will embrace the eleven factors of  
leadership, described in this chapter, as well as some other factors. The man who  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   105