  THINK & GROW RICH   
During the world war, a Chicago newspaper published certain editorials  
in which, among other statements, Henry Ford was called "an ignorant pacifist."  
Mr. Ford objected to the statements, and brought suit against the paper for  
libeling him. When the suit was tried in the Courts, the attorneys for the paper  
pleaded justification, and placed Mr. Ford, himself, on the witness stand, for the  
purpose of proving to the jury that he was ignorant. The attorneys asked Mr.  
Ford a great variety of questions, all of them intended to prove, by his own  
evidence, that, while he might possess considerable specialized knowledge  
pertaining to the manufacture of automobiles, he was, in the main, ignorant.
Mr. Ford was plied with such questions as the following: "Who was  
Benedict Arnold?" and "How many soldiers did the British send over to America  
to put down the Rebellion of 1776?" In answer to the last question, Mr. Ford  
replied, "I do not know the exact number of soldiers the British sent over, but I  
have heard that it was a considerably larger number than ever went back." 
Finally, Mr. Ford became tired of this line of questioning, and in reply to a  
particularly offensive question, he leaned over, pointed his finger at the lawyer  
who had asked the question, and said, "If I should really WANT to answer the  
foolish question you have just asked, or any of the other questions you have been  
asking me, let me remind you that I have a row of electric push-buttons on my  
desk, and by pushing the right button, I can summon to my aid men who can  
answer ANY question I desire to ask concerning the business to which I am  
devoting most of my efforts. Now, will you kindly tell me, WHY I should clutter  
up my mind with general knowledge, for the purpose of being able to answer  
questions, when I have men around me who can supply any knowledge I  
require?" 
There certainly was good logic to that reply. 
That answer floored the lawyer. Every person in the courtroom realized it  
was the answer, not of an ignorant man, but of a man of EDUCATION. Any man  
is educated who knows where to get knowledge when he needs it, and how to  
organize that knowledge into definite plans of action. Through the assistance of  
his "Master Mind" group, Henry Ford had at his command all the specialized  
knowledge he needed to enable him to become one of the wealthiest men in  
America. It was not essential that he have this knowledge in his own mind . Surely no 
person who has sufficient inclination and intelligence to read a book of this  
nature can possibly miss the significance of this illustration. 
Before you can be sure of your ability to transmute DESIRE into its  
monetary equivalent, you will require SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE of the  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   74