  THINK & GROW RICH   
this chapter. This is especially true if your major purpose is that of accumulation  
of money or other material things.
The chapter on the sixth sense was included, because the book is designed  
for the purpose of presenting a complete philosophy by which individuals may  
unerringly guide themselves in attaining whatever they ask of life. The starting  
point of all achievement is DESIRE. The finishing point is that brand of  
KNOWLEDGE which leads to understanding— understanding of self,  
understanding of others, understanding of the laws of Nature, recognition and  
understanding of HAPPINESS. 
This sort of understanding comes in its fullness only through familiarity  
with, and use of the principle of the sixth sense, hence that principle had to be  
included as a part of this philosophy, for the benefit of those who demand more  
than money. 
Having read the chapter, you must have observed that while reading it,  
you were lifted to a high level of mental stimulation. Splendid! Come back to this  
again a month from now, read it once more, and observe that your mind will  
soar to a still higher level of stimulation. Repeat this experience from time to  
time, giving no concern as to how much or how little you learn at the time, and  
eventually you will find yourself in possession of a power that will enable you to  
throw off discouragement, master fear, overcome procrastination, and draw  
freely upon your imagination. Then you will have felt the touch of that unknown  
"something" which has been the moving spirit of every truly great thinker leader,  
artist, musician, writer, statesman. Then you will be in position to transmute  
your DESIRES into their physical or financial counterpart as easily as you may lie  
down and quit at the first sign of opposition. 
FAITH VS. FEAR!
Previous chapters have described how to develop FAITH, through Auto-
suggestion, Desire and the Subconscious. The next chapter presents detailed  
instructions for the mastery of FEAR. 
Here will be found a full description of the six fears which are the cause of  
all discouragement, timidity, procrastination, indifference, indecision, and the  
lack of ambition, self-reliance, initiative, self-control, and enthusiasm.
Search yourself carefully as you study these six enemies, as they may exist  
only in your subconscious mind, where their presence will be hard to detect. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   216