  THINK & GROW RICH   
indirectly, with any man's religious habits. This book has been confined,  
exclusively, to instructing the reader how to transmute the DEFINITE PURPOSE  
OF DESIRE FOR MONEY, into its monetary equivalent.
Read, THINK, and meditate as you read. Soon, the entire subject will  
unfold, and you will see it in perspective. You are now seeing the detail of the  
individual chapters.
Money is as shy and elusive as the "old time" maiden. It must be wooed  
and won by methods not unlike those used by a determined lover, in pursuit of  
the girl of his choice. And, coincidental as it is, the POWER used in the "wooing"  
of money is not greatly different from that used in wooing a maiden. That power,  
when successfully used in the pursuit of money must be mixed with FAITH. It  
must be mixed with DESIRE. It must be mixed with PERSISTENCE. It must be  
applied through a plan, and that plan must be set into ACTION. 
When money comes in quantities known as "the big money," it flows to  
the one who accumulates it, as easily as water flows down hill. There exists a  
great unseen stream of POWER, which may be compared to a river; except that  
one side flows in one direction, carrying all who get into that side of the stream,  
onward and upward to WEALTH— and the other side flows in the opposite  
direction, carrying all who are unfortunate enough to get into it (and not able to  
extricate themselves from it), downward to misery and POVERTY.
Every man who has accumulated a great fortune, has recognized the  
existence of this stream of life. It consists of one's THINKING PROCESS. The  
positive emotions of thought form the side of the stream which carries one to  
fortune. The negative emotions form the side which carries one down to poverty.  
This carries a thought of stupendous importance to the person who is  
following this book with the object of accumulating a fortune. 
If you are in the side of the stream of POWER which leads to poverty, this  
may serve as an oar, by which you may propel yourself over into the other side  
of the stream. It can serve you ONLY through application and use. Merely  
reading, and passing judgment on it, either one way or another, will in no way  
benefit you. 
Some people undergo the experience of alternating between the positive  
and negative sides of the stream, being at times on the positive side, and at times  
on the negative side. The Wall Street crash of '29 swept millions of people from  
the positive to the negative side of the stream. These millions are struggling,  
some of them in desperation and fear, to get back to the positive side of the  
stream. This book was written especially for those millions.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   172