  THINK & GROW RICH   
These illustrations are brought to the attention of those who have personal  
services to market, to show that we are where we are, and what we are, because of 
our own conduct! If there is a principle of cause and effect, which controls  
business, finance, and transportation, this same principle controls individuals  
and determines their economic status. 
WHAT IS YOUR "QQS" RATING?
The causes of success in marketing services EFFECTIVELY and  
permanently, have been clearly described. Unless those causes are studied,  
analyzed, understood and APPLIED, no man can market his services effectively  
and permanently. Every person must be his own salesman of personal services.  
The QUALITY and the QUANTITY of service rendered, and the SPIRIT in which  
it is rendered, determine to a large extent, the price, and the duration of  
employment. To market Personal services effectively, (which means a permanent  
market, at a satisfactory price, under pleasant conditions), one must adopt and  
follow the "QQS" formula which means that QUALITY, plus QUANTITY, plus  
the proper SPIRIT of cooperation, equals perfect salesmanship of service.  
Remember the "QQS" formula, but do more—APPLY IT AS A HABIT! 
Let us analyze the formula to make sure we understand exactly what it  
means. 
1. QUALITY of service shall be construed to mean the performance of  
every detail, in connection with your position, in the most efficient manner  
possible, with the object of greater efficiency always in mind.
2. QUANTITY of service shall be understood to mean the HABIT of  
rendering all the service of which you are capable, at all times, with the purpose  
of increasing the amount of service rendered as greater skill is developed  
through practice and experience. Emphasis is again placed on the word HABIT. 
3. SPIRIT of service shall be construed to mean the HABIT of agreeable,  
armonious conduct which will induce cooperation from associates and fellow  
employees. 
Adequacy of QUALITY and QUANTITY of service is not sufficient to  
maintain a permanent market for your services. The conduct, or the SPIRIT in  
which you deliver service, is a strong determining factor in connection with both  
the price you receive, and the duration of employment. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   118