  THINK & GROW RICH   
negative, some are positive. You are now engaged in trying to help shut off the  
flow of negative impulses, and to aid in voluntarily influencing your  
subconscious mind, through positive impulses of DESIRE.
When you achieve this, you will possess the key which unlocks the door  
to your subconscious mind. Moreover, you will control that door so completely,  
that no undesirable thought may influence your subconscious mind.
Everything which man creates, BEGINS in the form of a thought impulse.  
Man can create nothing which he does not first conceive in THOUGHT. Through  
the aid of the imagination, thought impulses may be assembled into plans. The  
imagination, when under control, may be used for the creation of plans or  
purposes that lead to success in one's chosen occupation.
All thought impulses, intended for transmutation into their physical  
equivalent, voluntarily planted in the subconscious mind, must pass through the  
imagination, and be mixed with faith. The "mixing" of faith with a plan, or  
purpose, intended for submission to the subconscious mind, may be done ONLY  
through the imagination.
From these statements, you will readily observe that voluntary use of the  
subconscious mind calls for coordination and application of all the principles.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox gave evidence of her understanding of the power of  
the subconscious mind when she wrote: 
"You never can tell what a thought will do
In bringing you hate or love—
For thoughts are things, and their airy wings
Are swifter than carrier doves.
They follow the law of the universe—
Each thing creates its kind, 
And they speed O'er the track to bring you back 
Whatever went out from your mind."
Mrs. Wilcox understood the truth, that thoughts which go out from one's  
mind, also imbed themselves deeply in one's subconscious mind, where they  
serve as a magnet, pattern, or blueprint by which the subconscious mind is  
influenced while translating them into their physical equivalent. Thoughts are  
truly things, for the reason that every material thing begins in the form of  
thought-energy.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   196