  THINK & GROW RICH   
good, clean penman, to take telephone orders for a sandwich shop from 11 A. M.  
to 2 P. M. for $8 a month— not $8 a week but $8 a month. The ad says also, 'State  
religion. ' Can you imagine the brutal effrontery of anyone who demands a good,  
clean penman for 11 cents an hour inquiring into the victim's religion? But that is  
what busted people are offered." 
THE FEAR OF CRITICISM
Just how man originally came by this fear, no one can state definitely, but  
one thing is certain— he has it in a highly developed form. Some believe that this  
fear made its appearance about the time that politics became a "profession."  
Others believe it can be traced to the age when women first began to concern  
themselves with "styles" in wearing apparel.
This author, being neither a humorist nor a prophet, is inclined to attribute  
the basic fear of criticism to that part of man's inherited nature which prompts  
him not only to take away his fellowman's goods and wares, but to justify his  
action by CRITICISM of his fellowman's character. It is a well known fact that a  
thief will criticise the man from whom he steals—that politicians seek office, not  
by displaying their own virtues and qualifications, but by attempting to besmirch  
their opponents. 
The fear of criticism takes on many forms, the majority of which are petty  
and trivial. Bald-headed men, for example, are bald for no other reason than their  
fear of criticism. Heads become bald because of the tight fitting bands of hats  
which cut off the circulation from the roots of the hair. Men wear hats, not  
because they actually need them, but mainly because "everyone is doing it." The  
individual falls into line and does likewise, lest some other individual CRITICISE  
him. Women seldom have bald heads, or even thin hair, because they wear hats  
which fit their heads loosely, the only purpose of the hats being adornment.
But, it must not be supposed that women are free from the fear of  
criticism. If any woman claims to be superior to man with reference to this fear,  
ask her to walk down the street wearing a hat of the vintage of 1890.
The astute manufacturers of clothing have not been slow to capitalize this  
basic fear of criticism, with which all mankind has been cursed. Every season the  
styles in many articles of wearing apparel change. Who establishes the styles?  
Certainly not the purchaser of clothing, but the manufacturer. Why does he  
change the styles so often? The answer is obvious. He changes the styles so he  
can sell more clothes. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   226