  THINK & GROW RICH   
On July 4, 1776, Thomas Jefferson stood before the Assembly, and fearlessly read  
the most momentus DECISION ever placed upon paper. 
"When in the course of human events it is necessary for one people to  
dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to  
assume, among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which  
the laws of Nature, and of Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the  
opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel  
them to the separation. . . "
When Jefferson finished, the document was voted upon, accepted, and  
signed by the fifty-six men, every one staking his own life upon his DECISION to  
write his name. By that DECISION came into existence a nation destined to bring  
to mankind forever, the privilege of making DECISIONS.
By decisions made in a similar spirit of Faith, and only by such decisions,  
can men solve their personal problems, and win for themselves high estates of  
material and spiritual wealth. Let us not forget this! 
Analyze the events which led to the Declaration of Independence, and be  
convinced that this nation, which now holds a position of commanding respect  
and power among all nations of the world, was born of a DECISION created by a  
Master Mind, consisting of fifty-six men. Note well, the fact that it was their  
DECISION which insured the success of Washington's armies, because the spirit 
of that decision was in the heart of every soldier who fought with him, and  
served as a spiritual power which recognizes no such thing as FAILURE.
Note, also, (with great personal benefit), that the POWER which gave this  
nation its freedom, is the self-same power that must be used by every individual  
who becomes self-determining. This POWER is made up of the principles  
described in this book. It will not be difficult to detect, in the story of the  
Declaration of Independence, at least six of these principles; DESIRE, DECISION,  
FAITH, PERSISTENCE, THE MASTER MIND, and ORGANIZED PLANNING.
Throughout this philosophy will be found the suggestion that thought,  
backed by strong DESIRE, has a tendency to transmute itself into its physical  
equivalent. Before passing on, I wish to leave with you the suggestion that one  
may find in this story, and in the story of the organization of the United States  
Steel Corporation, a perfect description of the method by which thought makes  
this astounding transformation. 
In your search for the secret of the method, do not loo for a miracle,  
because you will not find it. You will find only the eternal laws of Nature. These  
laws are available to every person who has the FAITH and the COURAGE to use  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   148