  THINK & GROW RICH   
If you seek employment through an advertising agency, or an  
employment agency, have the agent use copies of your brief in marketing your  
services. This will help to gain preference for you, both with the agent, and the  
prospective employers.
HOW TO GET THE EXACT POSITION YOU DESIRE
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited. An  
artist loves to work with paints, a craftsman with his hands, a writer loves to  
write. Those with less definite talents have their preferences for certain fields of  
business and industry. If America does anything well, it offers a full range of  
occupations, tilling the soil, manufacturing, marketing, and the professions. 
First. Decide EXACTLY what kind of a job you want. If the job doesn't  
already exist, perhaps you can create it.
Second. Choose the company, or individual for whom you wish to work. 
Third. Study your prospective employer, as to policies, personnel, and  
chances of advancement. 
Fourth. By analysis of yourself, your talents and capabilities, figure  
WHAT YOU CAN OFFER, and plan ways and means of giving advantages,  
services, developments, ideas that you believe you can successfully deliver. 
Fifth. Forget about "a job." Forget whether or not there is an opening.  
Forget the usual routine of "have you got a job for me?" Concentrate on what you 
can give. 
Sixth. Once you have your plan in mind, arrange with an experienced  
writer to put it on paper in neat form, and in full detail. 
Seventh. Present it to the proper person with authority  and he will do the  
rest. Every company is looking for men who can give something of value,  
whether it be ideas, services, or "connections." Every company has room for the  
man who has a definite plan of action which is to the advantage of that company.  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   114