  THINK & GROW RICH   
The morning after the great Chicago fire, a group of merchants stood on  
State Street, looking at the smoking remains of what had been their stores. They  
went into a conference to decide if they would try to rebuild, or leave Chicago  
and start over in a more promising section of the country. They reached a  
decision—all except one—to leave Chicago. 
The merchant who decided to stay and rebuild pointed a finger at the  
remains of his store, and said, "Gentlemen, on that very spot I will build the  
world's greatest store, no matter how many times it may burn down."
That was more than fifty years ago. The store was built. It stands there  
today, a towering monument to the power of that state of mind known as a  
BURNING DESIRE. The easy thing for Marshal Field to have done, would have  
been exactly what his fellow merchants did. When the going was hard, and the  
future looked dismal, they pulled up and went where the going seemed easier.
Mark well this difference between Marshal Field and the other merchants,  
because it is the same difference which distinguishes Edwin C. Barnes from  
thousands of other young men who have worked in the Edison organization. It is  
the same difference which distinguishes practically all who succeed from those  
who fail. 
Every human being who reaches the age of understanding of the purpose  
of money, wishes for it. Wishing will not bring riches. But desiring riches with a 
state of mind that becomes an obsession, then planning definite ways and means  
to acquire riches, and backing those plans with persistence which does not 
recognize failure, will bring riches.
The method by which DESIRE for riches can be transmuted into its  
financial equivalent, consists of six definite, practical steps, viz:
First. Fix in your mind the exact amount of money you  
desire. It is not sufficient merely to say "I want plenty of money." Be  
definite as to the amount. (There is a psychological reason for  
definiteness which will be described in a subsequent chapter).
Second. Determine exactly what you intend to give in return  
for the money you desire. (There is no such reality as "something  
for nothing.)
Third. Establish a definite date when you intend to possess 
the money you desire. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   31