  THINK & GROW RICH   
CHAPTER 2
DESIRE
THE STARTING POINT OF ALL ACHIEVEMENT
The First Step toward Riches
WHEN Edwin C. Barnes climbed down from the freight train in Orange,  
N. J., more than thirty years ago, he may have resembled a tramp, but his  
thoughts were those of a king! 
As he made his way from the railroad tracks to Thomas A. Edison's office,  
his mind was at work. He saw himself standing in Edison's presence . He heard 
himself asking Mr. Edison for an opportunity to carry out the one CONSUMING  
OBSESSION OF HIS LIFE, a BURNING DESIRE to become the business associate  
of the great inventor.
Barnes' desire was not a hope! It was not a wish! It was a keen, pulsating  
DESIRE, which transcended everything else. It was DEFINITE.
The desire was not new when he approached Edison. It had been Barnes'  
dominating desire for a long time. In the beginning, when the desire first appeared  
in his mind, it may have been, probably was, only a wish, but it was no mere  
wish when he appeared before Edison with it. 
A few years later, Edwin C. Barnes again stood before Edison, in the same  
office where he first met the inventor. This time his DESIRE had been translated  
into reality. He was in business with Edison . The dominating DREAM OF HIS LIFE  
had become a reality. Today, people who know Barnes envy him, because of the  
"break" life yielded him. They see him in the days of his triumph, without taking  
the trouble to investigate the cause of his success. 
Barnes succeeded because he chose a definite goal, placed all his energy,  
all his will power, all his effort, everything back of that goal. He did not become  
the partner of Edison the day he arrived. He was content to start in the most  
menial work, as long as it provided an opportunity to take even one step toward  
his cherished goal. 
Five years passed before the chance he had been seeking made its  
appearance. During all those years not one ray of hope, not one promise of  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   29