  THINK & GROW RICH   
Love is, without question, life's greatest experience. It brings one into  
communion with Infinite Intelligence. When mixed with the emotions of  
romance and sex, it may lead one far up the ladder of creative effort. The  
emotions of love, sex, and romance, are sides of the eternal triangle of  
achievement-building genius. Nature creates genii through no other force.
Love is an emotion with many sides, shades, and colors. The love which  
one feels for parents, or children is quite different from that which one feels for  
one's sweetheart. The one is mixed with the emotion of sex, while the other is  
not. 
The love which one feels in true friendship is not the same as that felt for  
one's sweetheart, parents, or children, but it, too, is a form of love. 
Then, there is the emotion of love for things inanimate, such as the love of  
Nature's handiwork. But the most intense and burning of all these various kinds  
of love, is that experienced in the blending of the emotions of love and sex.  
Marriages, not blessed with the eternal affinity of love, properly balanced and  
proportioned, with sex, cannot be happy ones—and seldom endure. Love, alone,  
will not bring happiness in marriage, nor will sex alone. When these two  
beautiful emotions are blended, marriage may bring about a state of mind,  
closest to the spiritual that one may ever know on this earthly plane.
When the emotion of romance is added to those of love and sex, the  
obstructions between the finite mind of man and Infinite Intelligence are  
removed. 
Then a genius has been born! 
What a different story is this, than those usually associated with the  
emotion of sex. Here is an interpretation of the emotion which lifts it out of the  
commonplace, and makes of it potter's clay in the hands of God, from which He  
fashions all that is beautiful and inspiring. It is an interpretation which would,  
when properly understood, bring harmony out of the chaos which exists in too  
many marriages. The disharmonies often expressed in the form of nagging, may  
usually be traced to lack of knowledge on the subject of sex. Where love, romance  
and the proper understanding of the emotion and function of sex abide, there is  
no disharmony between married people. 
Fortunate is the husband whose wife understands the true relationship  
between the emotions of love, sex, and romance. When motivated by this holy  
triumvirate, no form of labor is burdensome, because even the most lowly form  
of effort takes on the nature of a labor of love.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   191