  THINK & GROW RICH   
Henry Ford accumulated a fortune, not because of his superior mind, but  
because he adopted and followed a PLAN which proved to be sound. A  
thousand men could be pointed out, each with a better education than Ford's, yet  
each of whom lives in poverty, because he does not possess the RIGHT plan for  
the accumulation of money. 
Your achievement can be no greater than your PLANS are sound. That  
may seem to be an axiomatic statement, but it is true. Samuel Insull lost his  
fortune of over one hundred million dollars. The Insull fortune was built on  
plans which were sound. The business depression forced Mr. Insull to CHANGE  
HIS PLANS; and the CHANGE brought "temporary defeat," because his new  
plans were NOT SOUND. Mr. Insull is now an old man, he may, consequently,  
accept "failure" instead of "temporary defeat," but if his experience turns out to  
be FAILURE, it will be for the reason that he lacks the fire of PERSISTENCE to  
rebuild his plans.
No man is ever whipped, until he QUITS— in his own mind.
This fact will be repeated many times, because it is so easy to "take the  
count" at the first sign of defeat.
James J. Hill met with temporary defeat when he first endeavored to raise  
the necessary capital to build a railroad from the East to the West, but he, too  
turned defeat into victory through new plans .
Henry Ford met with temporary defeat, not only at the beginning of his  
automobile career, but after he had gone far toward the top. He created new  
plans, and went marching on to financial victory. 
We see men who have accumulated great fortunes, but we often recognize  
only their triumph, overlooking the temporary defeats which they had to  
surmount before "arriving."
NO FOLLOWER OF THIS PHILOSOPHY CAN REASONABLY EXPECT  
TO ACCUMULATE A FORTUNE WITHOUT EXPERIENCING "TEMPORARY  
DEFEAT." When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound,  
rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal. If you give  
up before your goal has been reached, you are a "quitter."
A QUITTER NEVER WINS—AND— A WINNER NEVER QUITS. 
Lift this sentence out, write it on a piece of paper in letters an inch high,  
and place it where you will see it every night before you go to sleep, and every  
morning before you go to work. 
When you begin to select members for your "Master Mind" group,  
endeavor to select those who do not take defeat seriously. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   102