  THINK & GROW RICH   
a hidden Guide whose duty is to test men through all sorts of discouraging  
experiences. Those who pick themselves up after defeat and keep on trying,  
arrive; and the world cries, "Bravo! I knew you could do it!" The hidden Guide  
lets no one enjoy great achievement without passing the PERSISTENCE TEST.  
Those who can't take it, simply do not make the grade. 
Those who can "take it" are bountifully rewarded for their PERSISTENCE.  
They receive, as their compensation, whatever goal they are pursuing. That is not  
all! They receive something infinitely more important than material  
compensation— the knowledge that "EVERY FAILURE BRINGS WITH IT THE  
SEED OF AN EQUIVALENT ADVANTAGE." 
There are exceptions to this rule; a few people know from experience the  
soundness of persistence. They are the ones who have not accepted defeat as  
being anything more than temporary. They are the ones whose DESIRES are so  
PERSISTENTLY APPLIED that defeat is finally changed into victory. We who  
stand on the side-lines of Life see the overwhelmingly large number who go  
down in defeat, never to rise again. We see the few who take the punishment of  
defeat as an urge to greater effort . These, fortunately, never learn to accept Life's  
reverse gear. But what we DO NOT SEE, what most of us never suspect of  
existing, is the silent but irresistible POWER which comes to the rescue of those  
who fight on in the face of discouragement. If we speak of this power at all we  
call it PERSISTENCE, and let it go at that. One thing we all know, if one does not  
possess PERSISTENCE, one does not achieve noteworthy success in any calling. 
As these lines are being written, I look up from my work, and see before  
me, less than a block away, the great mysterious "Broadway," the "Graveyard of  
Dead Hopes," and the "Front Porch of Opportunity." From all over the world  
people have come to Broadway, seeking fame, fortune, power, love, or whatever  
it is that human beings call success. Once in a great while someone steps out  
from the long procession of seekers, and the world hears that another person has  
mastered Broadway. But Broadway is not easily nor quickly conquered. She  
acknowledges talent, recognizes genius, pays off in money, only after one has  
refused to QUIT.
Then we know he has discovered the secret of how to conquer Broadway.  
The secret is always inseparably attached to one word, PERSISTENCE! 
The secret is told in the struggle of Fannie Hurst, whose PERSISTENCE  
conquered the Great White Way. She came to New York in 1915, to convert  
writing into riches. The conversion did not come quickly, BUT IT CAME. For  
four years Miss Hurst learned about "The Sidewalks of New York" from first  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   154