  THINK & GROW RICH   
SYMPTOMS OF THE FEAR OF POVERTY
INDIFFERENCE. Commonly expressed through lack of ambition; willingness to  
tolerate poverty; acceptance of whatever compensation life may offer without  
protest; mental and physical laziness; lack of initiative, imagination, enthusiasm  
and self-control
INDECISION. The habit of permitting others to do one's thinking. Staying "on  
the fence." 
DOUBT. Generally expressed through alibis and excuses designed to cover up,  
explain away, or apologize for one's failures, sometimes expressed in the form of  
envy of those who are successful, or by criticising them.
WORRY. Usually expressed by finding fault with others, a tendency to spend  
beyond one's income, neglect of personal appearance, scowling and frowning;  
intemperance in the use of alcoholic drink, sometimes through the use of  
narcotics; nervousness, lack of poise, self-consciousness and lack of self-reliance. 
OVER-CAUTION. The habit of looking for the negative side of every  
circumstance, thinking and talking of possible failure instead of concentrating  
upon the means of succeeding. Knowing all the roads to disaster, but never  
searching for the plans to avoid failure. Waiting for "the right time" to begin  
putting ideas and plans into action, until the waiting becomes a permanent habit.  
Remembering those who have failed, and forgetting those who have succeeded.  
Seeing the hole in the doughnut, but overlooking the doughnut. Pessimism,  
leading to indigestion, poor elimination, auto-intoxication, bad breath and bad  
disposition. 
PROCRASTINATION. The habit of putting off until tomorrow that which should  
have been done last year. Spending enough time in creating alibis and excuses to  
have done the job. This symptom is closely related to over-caution, doubt and  
worry. Refusal to accept responsibility when it can be avoided. Willingness to  
compromise rather than put up a stiff fight. Compromising with difficulties  
instead of harnessing and using them as stepping stones to advancement.  
Bargaining with Life for a penny, instead of demanding prosperity, opulence,  
riches, contentment and happiness. Planning what to do IF AND WHEN  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   223