  THINK & GROW RICH   
His mother opened his hand, removed the coins, and cried. Of all things!  
Crying over her son's first victory seemed so inappropriate. My reaction was the  
reverse. I laughed heartily, for I knew that my endeavor to plant in the child's  
mind an attitude of faith in himself had been successful. 
His mother saw, in his first business venture, a little deaf boy who had  
gone out in the streets and risked his life to earn money. I saw a brave, ambitious,  
self-reliant little business man whose stock in himself had been increased a  
hundred percent, because he had gone into business on his own initiative, and  
had won. The transaction pleased me, because I knew that he had given evidence  
of a trait of resourcefulness that would go with him all through life. Later events  
proved this to be true. When his older brother wanted something, he would lie  
down on the floor, kick his feet in the air, cry for it— and get it. When the "little  
deaf boy" wanted something, he would plan a way to earn the money, then buy  
it for himself. He still follows that plan! 
Truly, my own son has taught me that handicaps can be converted into  
stepping stones on which one may climb toward some worthy goal, unless they  
are accepted as obstacles, and used as alibis. 
The little deaf boy went through the grades, high school, and college  
without being able to hear his teachers, excepting when they shouted loudly, at  
close range. He did not go to a school for the deaf. 
WE WOULD NOT PERMIT HIM TO LEARN THE SIGN LANGUAGE.  
We were determined that he should live a normal life, and associate with normal  
children, and we stood by that decision, although it cost us many heated debates  
with school officials. 
While he was in high school, he tried an electrical hearing aid, but it was  
of no value to him; due, we believed, to a condition that was disclosed when the  
child was six, by Dr. J. Gordon Wilson, of Chicago, when he operated on one side  
of the boy's head, and discovered that there was no sign of natural hearing  
equipment. 
During his last week in college, (eighteen years after the operation),  
something happened which marked the most important turning-point of his life.  
Through what seemed to be mere chance, he came into possession of another  
electrical hearing device, which was sent to him on trial. He was slow about  
testing it, due to his disappointment with a similar device. Finally he picked the  
instrument up, and more or less carelessly, placed it on his head, hooked up the  
battery, and lo! as if by a stroke of magic, his lifelong DESIRE FOR NORMAL  
HEARING BECAME A REALITY! For the first time in his life he heard  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   41