  THINK & GROW RICH   
The majority of people who fail to accumulate money sufficient for their  
needs, are, generally, easily influenced by the "opinions" of others. They permit  
the newspapers and the "gossiping" neighbors to do their "thinking" for them.  
"Opinions are the cheapest commodities on earth. Everyone has a flock of  
opinions ready to be wished upon anyone who will accept them. If you are  
influenced by "opinions" when you reach DECISIONS, you will not succeed in  
any undertaking, much less in that of transmuting YOUR OWN DESIRE into  
money. 
If you are influenced by the opinions of others, you will have no DESIRE  
of your own. 
Keep your own counsel, when you begin to put into practice the  
principles described here, by reaching your own decisions  and following them.  
Take no one into your confidence, EXCEPT the members of your "Master Mind"  
group, and be very sure in your selection of this group, that you choose ONLY  
those who will be in COMPLETE SYMPATHY AND HARMONY WITH YOUR  
PURPOSE.
Close friends and relatives, while not meaning to do so, often handicap  
one through "opinions" and sometimes through ridicule, which is meant to be  
humorous. Thousands of men and women carry inferiority complexes with them  
all through life, because some well-meaning, but ignorant person destroyed their  
confidence through "opinions" or ridicule. 
You have a brain and mind of your own. USE IT, and reach your own  
decisions. If you need facts or information from other people, to enable you to  
reach decisions, as you probably will in many instances; acquire these facts or  
secure the information you need quietly, without disclosing your purpose.
It is characteristic of people who have but a smattering or a veneer of  
knowledge to try to give the impression that they have much knowledge. Such  
people generally do TOO MUCH talking, and TOO LITTLE listening. Keep your  
eyes and ears wide open— and your mouth CLOSED, if you wish to acquire the  
habit of prompt DECISION. Those who talk too much do little else. If you talk  
more than you listen, you not only deprive yourself of many opportunities to  
accumulate useful knowledge, but you also disclose your PLANS and  
PURPOSES to people who will take great delight in defeating you, because they  
envy you.
Remember, also, that every time you open your mouth in the presence of a  
person who has an abundance of knowledge, you display to that person, your  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   141