  THINK & GROW RICH   
Whether or not this is a statement of truth, you will never know, except by  
following the instructions described in the pages of this book, or some similar  
method of procedure. 
The author is not a believer in, nor an advocate of "miracles," for the  
reason that he has enough knowledge of Nature to understand that Nature never 
deviates from her established laws . Some of her laws are so incomprehensible that  
they produce what appear to be "miracles." The sixth sense comes as near to  
being a miracle as anything I have ever experienced, and it appears so, only  
because I do not understand the method by which this principle is operated. 
This much the author does know— that there is a power, or a First Cause,  
or an Intelligence, which permeates every atom of matter, and embraces every  
unit of energy perceptible to man— that this Infinite Intelligence converts acorns  
into oak trees, causes water to flow down hill in response to the law of gravity,  
follows night with day, and winter with summer, each maintaining its proper  
place and relationship to the other. This Intelligence may, through the principles  
of this philosophy, be induced to aid in transmuting DESIRES into concrete, or  
material form. The author has this knowledge, because he has experimented with  
it— and has EXPERIENCED IT.
Step by step, through the preceding chapters, you have been led to this,  
the last principle. If you have mastered each of the preceding principles, you are  
now prepared to accept, without being skeptical , the stupendous claims made here.  
If you have not mastered the other principles, you must do so before you may  
determine, definitely, whether or not the claims made in this chapter are fact or  
fiction.
While I was passing through the age of "hero-worship" I found myself  
trying to imitate those whom I most admired. Moreover, I discovered that the  
element of FAITH, with which I endeavored to imitate my idols, gave me great  
capacity to do so quite successfully. 
I have never entirely divested myself of this habit of hero-worship,  
although I have passed the age commonly given over to such. My experience has  
taught me that the next best thing to being truly great, is to emulate the great, by  
feeling and action, as nearly as possible. 
Long before I had ever written a line for publication, or endeavored to  
deliver a speech in public, I followed the habit of reshaping my own character,  
by trying to imitate the nine men whose lives and life-works had been most  
impressive to me. These nine men were, Emerson, Paine, Edison, Darwin,  
Lincoln, Burbank, Napoleon, Ford, and Carnegie. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   209