  THINK & GROW RICH   
with him. His calmness prompted me to ask him how it felt to know that he was  
going into eternity in a short while. With a smile of confidence on his face, he  
said, "It feels fine. Just think, brother, my troubles will soon be over. I have had  
nothing but trouble all my life. It has been a hardship to get food and clothing.  
Soon I will not need these things. I have felt fine ever since I learned FOR  
CERTAIN that I must die. I made up my mind then, to accept my fate in good  
spirit." 
As he spoke he devoured a dinner of proportions sufficient for three men,  
eating every mouthful of the food brought to him, and apparently enjoying it as  
much as if no disaster awaited him. DECISION gave this man resignation to his  
fate! Decision can also prevent one's acceptance of undesired circumstances. 
The six basic fears become translated into a state of worry, through  
indecision. Relieve yourself, forever of the fear of death, by reaching a decision to  
accept death as an inescapable event. Whip the fear of poverty by reaching a  
decision to get along with whatever wealth you can accumulate WITHOUT  
WORRY. Put your foot upon the neck of the fear of criticism by reaching a  
decision NOT TO WORRY about what other people think, do, or say. Eliminate  
the fear of old age by reaching a decision to accept it, not as a handicap, but as a  
great blessing which carries with it wisdom, self-control, and understanding not  
known to youth. 
Acquit yourself of the fear of ill health by the decision to forget symptoms.  
Master the fear of loss of love by reaching a decision to get along without love, if  
that is necessary. 
Kill the habit of worry, in all its forms, by reaching a general, blanket  
decision that nothing which life has to offer is worth the price of worry. With this  
decision will come poise, peace of mind, and calmness of thought which will  
bring happiness. 
A man whose mind is filled with fear not only destroys his own chances of  
intelligent action, but, he transmits these destructive vibrations to the minds of  
all who come into contact with him, and destroys, also their chances.
Even a dog or a horse knows when its master lacks courage; moreover, a  
dog or a horse will pick up the vibrations of fear thrown off by its master, and  
behave accordingly. Lower down the line of intelligence in the animal kingdom,  
one finds this same capacity to pick up the vibrations of fear. A honey-bee  
immediately senses fear in the mind of a person—for reasons unknown, a bee  
will sting the person whose mind is releasing vibrations of fear, much more  
readily than it will molest the person whose mind registers no fear. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   237