  THINK & GROW RICH   
As soon as the child was old enough to cooperate, I would fill his mind so  
completely with a BURNING DESIRE to hear, that Nature would, by methods of  
her own, translate it into physical reality.
All this thinking took place in my own mind, but I spoke of it to no one.  
Every day I renewed the pledge I had made to myself, not to accept a deaf mute  
for a son. 
As he grew older, and began to take notice of things around him, we  
observed that he had a slight degree of hearing. When he reached the age when  
children usually begin talking, he made no attempt to speak, but we could tell by  
his actions that he could hear certain sounds slightly. That was all I wanted to  
know! I was convinced that if he could hear, even slightly, he might develop still  
greater hearing capacity. Then something happened which gave me hope. It  
came from an entirely unexpected source. 
We bought a victrola. When the child heard the music for the first time, he  
went into ecstasies, and promptly appropriated the machine. He soon showed a  
preference for certain records, among them, "It's a Long Way to Tipperary." On  
one occasion, he played that piece over and over, for almost two hours, standing  
in front of the victrola, with his teeth clamped on the edge of the case . The significance  
of this self-formed habit of his did not become clear to us until years afterward,  
for we had never heard of the principle of "bone conduction" of sound at that  
time. 
Shortly after he appropriated the victrola, I discovered that he could hear  
me quite clearly when I spoke with my lips touching his mastoid bone, or at the  
base of the brain. These discoveries placed in my possession the necessary media  
by which I began to translate into reality my Burning Desire to help my son 
develop hearing and speech. By that time he was making stabs at speaking  
certain words. The outlook was far from encouraging, but DESIRE BACKED BY  
FAITH knows no such word as impossible.
Having determined that he could hear the sound of my voice plainly, I  
began, immediately, to transfer to his mind the desire to hear and speak. I soon  
discovered that the child enjoyed bedtime stories, so I went to work, creating  
stories designed to develop in him self-reliance, imagination, and a  keen desire to 
hear and to be normal . 
There was one story in particular, which I emphasized by giving it some  
new and dramatic coloring each time it was told. It was designed to plant in his  
mind the thought that his affliction was not a liability, but an asset of great value.  
Despite the fact that all the philosophy I had examined clearly indicated that  
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   39