  THINK & GROW RICH   
practically sure to realize that fear sooner or later. The able leader  
trains understudies to whom he may delegate, at will, any of the  
details of his position. Only in this way may a leader multiply  
himself and prepare himself to be at many places, and give  
attention to many things at one time. It is an eternal truth that men  
receive more pay for their ABILITY TO GET OTHERS TO  
PERFORM, than they could possibly earn by their own efforts. An  
efficient leader may, through his knowledge of his job and the  
magnetism of his personality, greatly increase the efficiency of  
others, and induce them to render more service and better service  
than they could render without his aid. 
5. LACK OF IMAGINATION. Without imagination, the  
leader is incapable of meeting emergencies, and of creating plans  
by which to guide his followers efficiently. 
6. SELFISHNESS. The leader who claims all the honor for the  
work of his followers, is sure to be met by resentment. The really  
great leader CLAIMS NONE OF THE HONORS. He is contented to  
see the honors, when there are any, go to his followers, because he  
knows that most men will work harder for commendation and  
recognition than they will for money alone. 
7. INTEMPERANCE. Followers do not respect an  
intemperate leader. Moreover, intemperance in any of its various  
forms, destroys the endurance and the vitality of all who indulge in  
it. 
8. DISLOYALTY. Perhaps this should have come at the head  
of the list. The leader who is not loyal to his trust, and to his  
associates, those above him, and those below him, cannot long  
maintain his leadership. Disloyalty marks one as being less than the  
dust of the earth, and brings down on one's head the contempt he  
deserves. Lack of loyalty is one of the major causes of failure in  
every walk of life. 
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   107