  THINK & GROW RICH   
positive or constructive nature. This accounts for the strange phenomenon which  
so many millions of people experience, referred to as "misfortune," or "bad luck."
There are millions of people who BELIEVE themselves "doomed" to  
poverty and failure, because of some strange force over which they BELIEVE  
they have no control. They are the creators of their own "misfortunes," because of  
this negative BELIEF, which is picked up by the subconscious mind, and  
translated into its physical equivalent.
This is an appropriate place at which to suggest again that you may  
benefit, by passing on to your subconscious mind, any DESIRE which you wish  
translated into its physical, or monetary equivalent, in a state of expectancy or  
BELIEF that the transmutation will actually take place. Your BELIEF, or FAITH,  
is the element which determines the action of your subconscious mind. There is  
nothing to hinder you from "deceiving" your subconscious mind when giving it  
instructions through autosuggestion, as I deceived my son's subconscious mind. 
To make this "deceit" more realistic, conduct yourself just as you would, if  
you were ALREADY IN POSSESSION OF THE MATERIAL THING WHICH  
YOU ARE DEMANDING, when you call upon your subconscious mind.
The subconscious mind will transmute into its physical equivalent, by the  
most direct and practical media available, any order which is given to it in a state  
of BELIEF, or FAITH that the order will be carried out. 
Surely, enough has been stated to give a starting point from which one  
may, through experiment and practice, acquire the ability to mix FAITH with  
any order given to the subconscious mind. Perfection will come through practice.  
It cannot come by merely reading instructions.
If it be true that one may become a criminal by association with crime,  
(and this is a known fact), it is equally true that one may develop faith by  
voluntarily suggesting to the subconscious mind that one has faith. The mind  
comes, finally, to take on the nature of the influences which dominate it.  
Understand this truth, and you will know why it is essential for you to  
encourage the positive emotions as dominating forces of your mind, and  
discourage — and eliminate negative emotions.
A mind dominated by positive emotions, becomes a favorable abode for  
the state of mind known as faith. A mind so dominated may, at will, give the  
subconscious mind instructions, which it will accept and act upon immediately. 
FAITH IS A STATE OF MIND WHICH MAY BE  
INDUCED BY AUTO-SUGGESTION
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   49