  THINK & GROW RICH   
may as well make up your mind to receive poverty. This is one decision you  
cannot avoid.
If you demand riches, determine what form, and how much will be  
required to satisfy you. You know the road that leads to riches. You have been  
given a road map which, if followed, will keep you on that road. If you neglect to  
make the start, or stop before you arrive, no one will be to blame, but YOU. This  
responsibility is yours. No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility if  
you now fail or refuse to demand riches of Life, because the acceptance calls for  
but one thing— incidentally, the only thing you can control—and that is a STATE  
OF MIND. A state of mind is something that one assumes. It cannot be  
purchased, it must be created.
Fear of poverty is a state of mind, nothing else! But it is sufficient to  
destroy one's chances of achievement in any undertaking, a truth which became  
painfully evident during the depression. 
This fear paralyzes the faculty of reason, destroys the faculty of  
imagination, kills off self-reliance, undermines enthusiasm, discourages  
initiative, leads to uncertainty of purpose, encourages procrastination, wipes out  
enthusiasm and makes self-control an impossibility. It takes the charm from one's  
personality, destroys the possibility of accurate thinking, diverts concentration of  
effort, it masters persistence, turns the will-power into nothingness, destroys  
ambition, beclouds the memory and invites failure in every conceivable form; it  
kills love and assassinates the finer emotions of the heart, discourages friendship  
and invites disaster in a hundred forms, leads to sleeplessness, misery and  
unhappiness— and all this despite the obvious truth that we live in a world of  
over-abundance of everything the heart could desire, with nothing standing  
between us and our desires, excepting lack of a definite purpose. 
The Fear of Poverty is, without doubt, the most destructive of the six basic  
fears. It has been placed at the head of the list, because it is the most difficult to  
master. Considerable courage is required to state the truth about the origin of  
this fear, and still greater courage to accept the truth after it has been stated. The  
fear of poverty grew out of man's inherited tendency to PREY UPON HIS  
FELLOW MAN ECONOMICALLY. Nearly all animals lower than man are  
motivated by instinct, but their capacity to "think" is limited, therefore, they prey  
upon one another physically. Man, with his superior sense of intuition, with the  
capacity to think and to reason, does not eat his fellowman bodily, he gets more  
satisfaction out of "eating" him FINANCIALLY. Man is so avaricious that every  
conceivable law has been passed to safeguard him from his fellowman.
Do You Feel Frustrated, Stuck Or Overwhelmed by the Concepts in this eBook?
Discover  How To Begin Moving Forward with FREE Audio & Video Training at :
  www.think-and-grow-rich-ebook.com   221